There remains residual support for the independence of Biafra among the Igbos.
Many Igbos, who are mostly Christian, consider that they are disadvantaged under the current, Muslim-dominated Nigerian government.
Biafra secessionism is also attributable to the Nigerian police abuses and arbitrary arrests in the southeastern states.The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), founded by Nnamdi Kanu, is a currently active separatist movement.
According to the Council on Foreign Relations, "[t]he federal government, recalling the civil war, is bitterly opposed to Igbo separatism, as is most of the Igbo establishment.
Therman Statom is an American Studio Glass artist whose primary medium is sheet glass.
He cuts, paints, and assembles the glass - adding found glass objects along the way – to create three-dimensional sculptures.
Statom is known for his site-specific installations in which his glass structures dwarf the visitor.
Sound and projected digital imagery are also features of the environmental works.Early life and educationThe son of a physician, Therman Statom was born in Winter Haven, Florida in 1953 and raised in Washington, DC.
HuntonBrady is a modern architecture and interior design firm based in Orlando, Florida.
It was founded by Robert B. Murphy in 1947 and has received more than 50 American Institute of Design Awards.
The practice's specialties include healthcare, education and commercial office design.Robert Murphy grew up in Charleston, South Carolina, and earned his first architectural degree from Clemson in 1936.
He entered Harvard's Graduate School of Design a year after Walter Gropius became Dean of the school and graduated with a master's degree in 1940.
He studied under Dr. David Meldola, son of Haham Raphael Meldola, as well as under his future father-in-law, the Rev.
D. A. de Sola, known as "the learned Hazzan" of the Sephardic community, and received his diplomas.
He returned to Jamaica and became for a short time assistant to the Rev.
Isaac Lopez, minister of the Kingston Sephardic congregation, but was soon called from that position to be the minister of the Montego Bay community.
The 2014–15 I liga is the 7th season of the Polish I liga under its current title, and the 67th season of the second highest division in the Polish football league system since its establishment in 1949.
The league is operated by the Polish Football Association (PZPN).
The season began on 1 August 2014, and concluded on 6 June 2015.
As a result, the 15th-placed Stomil Olsztyn stayed in I liga for the next season.Team overviewStadia and locationsLeague tableResultsI liga play-offThe 15th place team from the regular season will compete in a play-off with the 4th place team from II liga.
Starchild is a dystopian science fiction novel by American writers Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson, published in 1965.
It is part of the Starchild Trilogy, a series of three books in which mankind is ruled by a brutal totalitarian government known as the Plan of Man, enforced by a computerized surveillance state.
The other books in the series are The Reefs of Space (1964) and Rogue Star (1969).
Starchild is about a rebellion against the government-computer by a mysterious person or group called the "Starchild".PlotThe novel is set in dystopian future in an Earth where a computer named the Plan of Man operates a harsh surveillance state.
La Lanterne is a hunting lodge in Versailles, France.
Along with the Fort de Brégançon in Var, it is one of the two official retreats of the President of the French Republic.The estate is adjacent to the Park of Versailles and situated on the road that links Versailles with Saint-Cyr-l'École.
The estate includes a central two-story U-shaped building with a central section measuring .
The central section is flanked by two parallel wings—of a later date and lower than the central section—which frame a gravel courtyard.
The 2013–14 Segunda División season (known as the Liga Adelante for sponsorship reasons) was the 83rd since its establishment.
The season started on 17 August 2013 and the league phase of 42 rounds ended on 8 June 2014.
Elche CF was promoted the previous season to La Liga after 14 consecutive seasons in the Segunda División.
Villarreal made an immediate return to La Liga after a win over Almería in the decisive match of the last matchday where the winner would be directly promoted to La Liga.
The phrase "carrot and stick" is a metaphor for the use of a combination of reward and punishment to induce a desired behaviour.In politics, "carrot or stick" sometimes refers to the realist concept of soft and hard power.
For example, in 1934, Stalin reversed his decision to attack the socialists of the region, instead allowing them to join the "People's Front Against Fascism and War."
A casual survey of international news confirms that the tactic is still in common use today, by people in power up to and including the presidents of the United States and NATO.
The carrot was access to Chinese goods through trade opportunity and the stick was the overwhelming naval power that the Ming Chinese expeditionary fleet could bring upon recalcitrant rulers.
Jessy Lanza is a Canadian electronic songwriter, producer, and vocalist from Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Before starting her career as a singer and music producer, she worked as a music teacher.Lanza was listed as one of the best new artists of 2013 by XLR8R.
In a review of her debut album, Pull My Hair Back, she was described by The Guardian as "the latest and possibly greatest of the new ethereal soul girls" and ranked No.
4 on Resident Advisor'''s Top 20 Albums of 2013.
Lee Yuk-wing  (; April 14, 1904 – November 8, 1989) was a Professor of Electrical Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
He is best known for adapting and popularizing the pioneering work of Norbert Wiener and for his own research on statistical communication theory.BiographyLee was born in Macau, Portugal, and called “Yuwing” or “YW” by his friends.
After obtaining his doctorate at MIT, he returned to China and taught at Tsinghua University.
In 1946 he came back to MIT as a Visiting Professor and initiated his research on statistical communication theory.
The Blane Valley Railway was a railway line in Scotland to the east of Glasgow.
In 1891 the railway company was absorbed by the North British Railway, which had operated the line and been a major shareholder from the start.
When NBR took over the line was in a poor state.
The goods shed was inadequate for the amount of traffic, the only crane was too small and siding accommodation was deficient.
(Miss)understood (stylized in all lowercase) is the seventh studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Ayumi Hamasaki, released January 1, 2006 by Avex Trax.
Hamasaki acted as the album's sole lyricist, as she had on all of her preceding albums.
(Miss)understood marked new musical directions for Hamasaki: she explored new influences such as funk and used gospel choruses in some of the songs, foreign to her previous works.
This was the result of her having heard compositions by Geo from Sweetbox and asking him for his works; subsequently, Hamasaki rewrote the lyrics to fit (Miss)understood.
David Lovering (born December 6, 1961) is an American musician and magician.
He is best known as the drummer for the alternative rock band Pixies, which he joined in 1986.
After the band's breakup in 1993, Lovering drummed with several other acts, including The Martinis, Cracker, Nitzer Ebb and Tanya Donelly.
He also pursued a magic career as the Scientific Phenomenalist, performing scientific and physics-based experiments on stage.
The Barbados Association for Children With Intellectual Challenges, formerly the Barbados Association for Mentally Retarded Children, is a charitable organization in Barbados for children and adults with intellectual disability.
The Association was incorporated by an Act of the Barbados Parliament, Barbados Association for Mentally Retarded Children Act, 1969–15, which was subsequently amended to change the association's name.
It is a member of the Barbados Council for the Disabled.
The association operates the Challenor Creative Arts & Training Centre.Leadership Cecil de Caires was president of the association from 1969 to 1973.
Christopher Mark Brown (born 27 March 1973), more commonly known as Chris Brown, is a former Cook Islands cricketer, who previously played representative cricket for Auckland at New Zealand domestic level.
Born in Rarotonga, Brown's early cricket was played for Auckland under-age teams, and he went on to represent the New Zealand national under-19s in several matches as a right-arm fast bowler.
However, after the 1997–98 season, he ceased playing for Auckland.
Brown resumed his career in the early 2000s for the Cook Islands national cricket team, playing in regional competitions, and going on to play for a representative East Asia-Pacific team.
Christopher Tyerman (born 22 May 1953) is an academic historian focusing on the Crusades.
He also took up another research fellowship at Exeter College which lasted from 1982 to 1987.
All the while, he had been a medieval history lecturer at Hertford College, Oxford, since 1979 and in 2006 was elected one of its fellows.
In 2015, he was awarded the title of Professor of History of the Crusades by the University of Oxford.Works Tyerman's research interests lie in crusading in medieval western Europe, which he has explored from cultural, social, religious and political angles.
He works in dance, theater, opera, film and fashion.
His company, Doug Varone and Dancers, has been performing for over three decades.EducationVarone received his BFA from Purchase College, where he was awarded the President’s Distinguished Alumni Award in 2007.ChoreographyVarone created many works for the concert dance stage.
Varone's dances have been staged by more than 75 college and university programs.In opera, Varone has served as a director and choreographer.
Among his four productions for The Metropolitan Opera are Salome (with its Dance of the Seven Veils for Karita Mattila), the world premiere of Tobias Picker’s An American Tragedy and Stravinsky’s Le Sacre du Printemps, designed by David Hockney.
He was the son of Gyula Gömbös de Jákfa (1858–1921), member of untitled Hungarian nobility and Maria Weitzel (b.1867).
The family belonged to the Hungarian Evangelical (i. e. Lutheran) Church.Gömbös entered the Austro-Hungarian Army as a cadet in Pécs and quickly became a member of the officer corps, serving as a captain during World War I.
Gömbös became a close ally of Miklós Horthy, the leader of the anti-Communist government in Szeged, and played a leading role in organizing Horthy’s army.
For his services, Gömbös was made minister of defense in the Szeged government.After Kun’s government was ousted in August 1919, Gömbös helped direct the purge of Communists from Hungarian society.
The 5th Louis Vuitton Cup was held in Auckland, New Zealand, in 2000.
The winner, Prada Challenge, went on to challenge for the 2000 America's Cup.
This delay was to avoid conflicting with the 1997/98 Whitbread Round the World Race and give Auckland the time to build the necessary infrastructure to host the cup.The teamsThe New York Yacht Club was the challenger of record.
By 31 January 1998 16 teams from 10 nations had made the $US 250,000 deposit to officially challenge for the America's Cup.
Zootermopsis angusticollis is a species of termite (Isoptera) in the family Archotermopsidae, a group known as the dampwood termites, or the rottenwood termites.
As their name suggests, the dampwood termites can only survive by living off of wood that contains high amounts of moisture.
They are found along the wet environments of the Pacific coast of North America.
Most are found in the states of California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Western Nevada and in southern British Columbia.
The Peter the Great Naval Corps - St. Petersburg Naval Institute (), formerly known as the M.V.
Frunze Higher Naval School (named after Mikhail Frunze, in ), is the oldest of the Russian Navy's naval officer commissioning schools.
It is located in Saint Petersburg.HistoryThe school traces its origins to the School of Mathematics and Navigation Sciences, founded in 1701 by Peter the Great, in Moscow's Sukharev Tower.
After the city of St. Petersburg was built, the school was relocated there.
Monument is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Centre County, Pennsylvania, United States.
It is part of the State College, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The population was 150 at the 2010 census.The economy of Monument was heavily dependent on the brick-works that Harbison-Walker Refractories built in approximately 1901.
The brick-works closed in May, 1953.GeographyMonument is located along the northeastern border of Centre County at  (41.110388, -77.703334).
Jane Nicholas is a slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2009.
At the Foix 2010 Junior World Championships Jane finished 14th in C1 and 40th in K1.
Regarding the decision Nicholas stated: "I felt loyal to New Zealand as they had supported me through my whole slalom career.
But I had the support of the Cooks, as well as New Zealand, to make the change".Jane earned her best senior World Championships results of 22nd (C1) and 39th (K1) at the 2010 and 2019 events, respectively.
Rail Professional is a monthly UK rail news magazine covering the business side of rail transport in Great Britain.
Published by Rail Professional Ltd, the magazine is available free of charge to managers of UK train operating companies and Network Rail or by subscription to non-qualifying readers.Currently in its seventh edition, Rail Professional also publishes an annual guidebook tot the United Kingdom's rail industry.
The magazine was launched soon after privatization with the aim of creating a forum for managers to communicate across the industry and stay abreast of developments in other companies.
Under British Rail, managers met regularly with their counterparts across the UK, but the fragmentation of the railways into separate train operating companies made it harder for managers to remain up-to-date on developments outside of their own organization.
Emilia Isobel Euphemia Rose Clarke (born 23 October 1986) is an English actress.
She studied at the Drama Centre London, appearing in a number of stage productions.
Her television debut was a guest appearance in the BBC One medical soap opera Doctors in 2009.
The following year, she was named as one of the "UK Stars of Tomorrow" by Screen International magazine for her role in the TV film Triassic Attack (2010).
His father was a Kommerzienrat (commerce councillor) and businessman who owned cork factories and other enterprises.
Before the First World War the family moved to Moscow.
They were exiled in 1917 to the Volga region and returned to Moscow after the war.
The political upheavals of the postwar period resulted in the family fleeing to Riga and then to Berlin, where Lissner attended high school.
He made his debut for the latter's first team during the 2007–08 season, as they returned to Segunda División after a 50-year absence.In the following campaign, Cristian continued playing mostly with the reserves in Tercera División, with the main squad finally being relegated.
He made his division two debut in a game against Hércules CF on 6 June 2009, scoring in a 1–2 local derby home loss.Castilla and MestallaLópez signed for Real Madrid Castilla in the summer of 2009, with Real Madrid's reserves in the third division.
He finished his first year with ten goals – second-best in the squad – as the team finished eighth in the league.In January 2011, Cristian signed for Valencia CF's B-team in the fourth level, in a season-long loan.
He scored in double digits as the Che reserves returned to the third tier at the first attempt, and the move was made permanent in the summer.
Malladi Krishna Rao (born 6 June 1964) is a former MLA representing Yanam constituency and former Minister for Health, Tourism, Irrigation,  Civil Aviation, Sports & Fisheries, Arts & Culture.
He has continuously won twice as an Independent candidate and twice as an Indian National Congress candidate in MLA elections and got the highest majority in Yanam for the first time in Yanam History.
In his term in politics from 1996 there has been a huge development took place and Yanam stood the best constituency in Puducherry as compared to the growth-rate every year.
Malladi is one of the key members to command the Puducherry politics and neighbouring districts of Andhra Pradesh.
Particulate inorganic carbon (PIC) can be contrasted with dissolved inorganic carbon (DIC), the other form of inorganic carbon found in the ocean.
Calcium carbonate makes up the shells of many marine organisms.
It also forms during whiting events and is excreted by marine fish during osmoregulation.OverviewCarbon compounds can be distinguished as either organic or inorganic, and dissolved or particulate, depending on their composition.
Organic carbon forms the backbone of key component of organic compounds such as – proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, and nucleic acids.
She worked with a multi-institution group based at Boston University that was the first to generate thyroid cell progenitors and thyroid follicular organoids from pluripotent stem cells (PSCs) in mice, and thyroid cell progenitors from induced PSCs in humans.
This was achieved by establishing the signalling required to create a thyroid lineage, namely BMP4 and FGF2.
It was shown that thyroid hormones were secreted by the mice organoids after transplantation into mice.DeathKurmann was planning to return to Switzerland to become head of endocrine surgery at the Inselspital, but was killed in a bicycle crash in Boston.
As she was riding south on Mass Ave, a flatbed tractor trailer turned right onto Beacon Street in front of her and Anita was run over by the trailer's wheels.
State Route 88 (SR 88) is a  state highway completely within the city limits of Enterprise, in Coffee County.
The western terminus of the highway is at an intersection with U.S. Route 84 north of town.
The eastern terminus of the highway is at an intersection with SR 167/SR 192 in the southeastern part of town.
SR 88 heads through downtown Enterprise before following Plaza Drive.Route descriptionSR 88 begins at an intersection with US 84/SR 12/SR 192 on the northern edge of Enterprise.
The Christopher Street Connection were a professional wrestling tag team consisting of Buff E and Mace Mendoza.
They primarily compete in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions, most notably, World-1 South, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, Ring of Honor and Frank Goodman's United States Xtreme Wrestling.
The team was originally managed by Rob Feinstein, under the name Fun Athletic Guy.
Their name was a reference to the real-life Christopher Street in Manhattan, New York where the Stonewall Riots occurred in 1969.
John Goldsworthy (1884–1958) was a British-born stage and film actor.
After emigrating to the United States he was active on Broadway appearing in a variety of plays, as well as several musicals.
During the silent era he appeared in supporting roles in American films.
Later in the 1940s he returned to the cinema, now playing mainly small, uncredited parts.
Niebla dissecta  is a fruticose lichen that grows on rocks along the Pacific coast of California, in San Mateo County and in the Channel Islands.
Lichen substance are sekikaic acid, with accessory triterpenes, in contrast to divaricatic acid  in Niebla testudinaria.
Determination of the secondary metabolites  helps distinguish these species in the Channel Islands (Santa Cruz Island) and in the Santa Ynez Mountains where they appear morphologically intermediate.
For example, there are two distinct species of Niebla on San Nicolas Island without intermediate morphological forms, Niebla ramosissima and Niebla dactylifera.
Jorge Rafael Posada Villeta (born August 17, 1970) is a Puerto Rican former professional baseball catcher who played 17 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees.
Posada recorded a .273 batting average, 275 home runs, and 1,065 runs batted in (RBIs) during his career.
A switch hitter, Posada was a five-time All-Star, won five Silver Slugger Awards, and was on the roster for four World Series championship teams.Drafted by the Yankees in 1990, Posada was originally an infielder before moving to catcher during his minor league career.
He debuted in the major leagues in 1995, but it was not until 1998 that he found regular playing time.
The Port Chalmers time ball is a Victorian maritime Greenwich Mean Time signal located on Aurora Terrace on top of Observation Point in the port of Port Chalmers, New Zealand.
It was established in 1867 by the Otago Provincial Council.
Originally it was suggested by harbourmaster W. Thomson that a time gun be used in preference to a time ball, as at noon, ship masters are frequently on shore, and were more likely to hear a gun than observe a time ball.
The flagstaff which was installed in 1864 had formerly been the mizzen mast on the condemned barque "Cincinnati".
She studied in Portugal at the Technical University of Lisbon and graduated in 1995 with a degree in Political Science, with a specialization in African Studies.
She studied for her doctorate at the University of Cagliari and graduated in 2002.
From 2006 to 2010 she held a post-doctoral fellowship at the same university.
From 2014 to 2018, Gomes researched and taught Ethnic and African Studies at the Federal University of Bahia.
The Handsome Family is an alternative country and Americana duo consisting of husband and wife Brett and Rennie Sparks formed in Chicago, Illinois, and as of 2021 based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
They are perhaps best known for their song "Far from Any Road" from the album Singing Bones, which was used as the main title theme for the first season of the 2014 crime drama True Detective.
The band would later revolve around Rennie, who writes the lyrics, and Brett, who writes the music.
Guest musicians complete the band line-up for recordings and live work.Regarding the band name, Brett said in an interview: "It's just kind of a stupid name.
Food technology is a branch of food science that deals with the production, preservation, quality control and research and development of the food products.Early scientific research into food technology concentrated on food preservation.
Nicolas Appert’s development in 1810 of the canning process was a decisive event.
Besides research into wine spoilage, Pasteur researched the production of alcohol, vinegar, wines and beer, and the souring of milk.
He developed pasteurization—the process of heating milk and milk products to destroy food spoilage and disease-producing organisms.
He joined Yugoslav Army in the Fatherland (Chetniks) and became the commander of the "Gavrilo Princip" Chetnik Regiment, a part of Dinara Chetnik Division.
After about a year the regiment under his control became a brigade.
This strategy did not suite revolutionary aims of communist forces who sentenced Bogunović to death.
In December 1944, Bogunović was captured by the communists and died in prison in 1945.Early life Before the World War II, Bogunović was a forester.During World War IIBogunović was one of the commanders of the rebel units during the Drvar uprising.
The World Law Foundation is an international organization created by renowned jurists from around the world.
Its main purpose is the defense of the rule of law.
It was registered  on January 14, 2020, and published in the Boletín Oficial del Estado (BOE) on September 14, 2020.The foundation is governed by a board of trustees and a series of executive committees.
It is supported by public and private donations, and supervised by the "Protectorado de Fundaciones" of the Spanish Ministry of Justice.
Stuart Alker Westley (born 21 March 1947) is a former English cricketer.
Westley was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper.
Following his cricket career he became a prominent educator and teachers leader.
He was born in Preston, Lancashire and was educated at Lancaster Royal Grammar School.Westley made his first-class debut for Oxford University against Gloucestershire in 1968.
The Don Haskins Center, formerly known as the Special Events Center, is the home of UTEP Miners men's and women's basketball.
The venue is located in the heart of El Paso, Texas.
In addition to hosting sporting events, the Don Haskins Center is also used by many area schools, such as El Paso Community College, for graduation and commencement ceremonies.
The Special Events Center was renamed after UTEP's Hall of Fame coach Don Haskins (1930–2008) in 1998.
MC4 connectors are single-contact electrical connectors commonly used for connecting solar panels.
The MC in MC4 stands for the manufacturer Multi-Contact (now Stäubli Electrical Connectors) and the 4 for the 4 mm diameter contact pin.
MC4s allow strings of panels to be easily constructed by pushing the connectors from adjacent panels together by hand, but require a tool to disconnect them to ensure they do not accidentally disconnect when the cables are pulled.
The MC4 and compatible products are universal in the solar market today, equipping almost all solar panels produced since about 2011.
Robert Stephen Pindyck ( ; born January 5, 1945) is an American economist, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi Professor of Economics and Finance at Sloan School of Management at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
He is also a research associate with the National Bureau of Economic Research and a Fellow of the Econometric Society.
He went on to do his graduate work at M.I.T., where he completed a Master's degree in electrical engineering in 1967 and a PhD in economics in 1971.
His PhD dissertation dealt with the application of optimal control theory to the design of monetary and fiscal policy for macroeconomic stabilization.
The Sand Child (l'Enfant de sable) is a 1985 novel by Moroccan author Tahar Ben Jelloun.
First published in France, the novel's message expresses on multiple levels ideas about the post-colonial condition of Morocco while also emphasising themes relating to the construction of individual identities.
It can also be seen as a critique of "traditional" Islamic and Moroccan morals, with specific reference to the position of women.
There are strong elements of magical realism in the novel.Ben Jelloun continued the story of Mohammed Ahmed/Zahra in his award-winning 1987 novel, The Sacred Night.PlotThe book is a lyrical account of the life of Mohammed Ahmed, the eighth daughter of Hajji Ahmed Suleyman.
Joseph Barclay (1831–1881) was Anglican Bishop in Jerusalem.Early lifeBarclay was born near Strabane in county Tyrone, Ireland, his family being of Scottish extraction.
He was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, and proceeded B.A.
in 1857, but showed no particular powers of application or study.
In 1854 he was ordained to a curacy at Bagnelstown, county Carlow, and on taking up his residence there began to show very great interest in the work of the London Society for promoting Christianity among the Jews.
A Tatar mosque is a mosque with a minaret on the roof, a type of mosque that is ubiquitous among Muslim Tatars and Bashkirs in Tatarstan and other Volga Tatar-populated areas.
Occasionally found in other regions of Russia, modern Tatar religious architecture was developed in the late 18th century and gained popularity in the 19th century Idel-Ural.History The earliest examples of Islamic Tatar architecture are located in Bolghar; none of them are in use today.
They reflect strong similarities to Central Asian Islamic architecture from which the designs were derived.
However, it is believed that design of rural mosques, opposing to Central Asian-like mosques of capital cities, evolve from their ability to withstand the harsh local climate.
Danielle Gooding, professionally known as Flava D, is a British UK garage, grime and bassline DJ and music producer from Bournemouth, England.
She was previously signed to the Butterz record label and is now signed to Hospital Records .
Whilst working in a record shop from the ages of 14 to 16, her boss, who was a DJ, encouraged her to start producing music on Ableton.CareerAfter she had begun producing music, Gooding mostly made grime and hip-hop releases and uploaded them online.
After messaging Wiley multiple times on Myspace in 2008, he asked her to send him some music.
"Ave Satani" is the theme song to the film The Omen (1976) composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
In an interview, Goldsmith says that his idea was to create a kind of Satanic version of a Gregorian chant and came up with ideas while talking with the London choir-master of the orchestra who was helping him.
He decided to create something like a Black Mass, inverting Latin phrases from the Latin Mass.
The choir-master, according to Goldsmith, was an expert in Latin and helped him come up with phrases; instead of saying "Hail Mary", they decided on "Hail Satan", and so on.
The Development Bank of the Philippines (DBP) is a state-owned development bank headquartered in Makati, Philippines.It was established after World War II in 1947 on the government's effort through its mandate to rebuild the country's war torned infrastructure.
It is the sixth-largest bank in the Philippines in terms of assets of more than P1.1-trillion as of March 2021.
It is primarily tasked to provide banking services to cater to the needs of agricultural and industrial enterprises.
AIB continued operations until the outbreak of World War II.In 1947, the government created the Rehabilitation Finance Corporation (RFC) under R.A. No.
The Delhi Skill and Entrepreneurship University, or DSEU, is a collegiate public state university located in New Delhi, India.
It was established in 2020 by an Act of the Legislative Assembly of the National Capital Territory of Delhi.
It is recognised as a State University by the University Grants Commission (UGC).
DSEU offers 15 diploma, 18 undergraduate and 2 postgraduate courses, and has a total of 13 campus in Delhi.
Michael Raffl (born 1 December 1988) is an Austrian professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).
He previously played for the Philadelphia Flyers and Washington Capitals, as well as EC VSV in the Austrian ICE Hockey League (IceHL).Early life Raffl was born on 1 December 1988 in Villach, Austria, to a hockey-playing family.
His father Peter played with the Villacher SV (EC VSV) for 22 years, and served as head coach of the town's under-20 ice hockey team.
Raffl and his older brother Thomas spent most of their childhood in the Villacher Stadthalle arena.
The membership of the BLCC was completely consisted of Hong Kong persons.
25 of the Hong Kong members of the Drafting Committee formed a Sponsors Committee to work on the formation of the BLCC.
The five BLDC vice-chairmen residing in Hong Kong including Xu Jiatun were asked to take up the preparatory work for setting up the BLCC while the Xinhua News Agency provided the necessary assistance.
Three of the tycoons on the BLDC provided necessary funds to cover costs.The appointment of Consultative Committee was opposed by some influential members from the business sector in the Drafting Committee, as it introduced an unnecessary degree of democracy and public participation.
Fort Morgan, first called Camp Tyler and Camp Wardwell, was established in the present-day city of Fort Morgan in Morgan County, Colorado as a U.S. military post in 1864.
There is a historical marker in a city park in remembrance of its history.HistoryThe station and military post, first called Camp Tyler, was established in 1859.
It is estimated that the Pike's Peak Gold Rush drew about 100,000 people to Colorado.
In 1859, a branch of the trail away from the South Platte River was established in the wilderness near the present day city of Fort Morgan during the gold rush to reduce the length of the trip to Denver.
Taylor was a Baptist minister who went into business and later worked on the Melbourne Argus.
Matriculating through Melbourne University after being educated at home, she ran a school with her sisters between 1889 and 1896, after which she worked as a visiting teacher.
On New Year's Eve 1901, she married the explorer, pastoralist and journalist Aeneas James Gunn, in the Presbyterian Church.
Shortly after, in early 1902, they travelled to Darwin (then called Palmerston) and then to Elsey, an outlying cattle station on the Roper River, near the current town of Mataranka.
A Collections Management System (CMS), sometimes called a Collections Information System, is software used by the collections staff of a collecting institution or by individual private collectors and collecting hobbyists or enthusiasts.
Collecting institutions are primarily museums and archives and cover a very broad range from huge, international institutions, to very small or niche-specialty institutions such as local historical museums and preservation societies.
Collections Management Systems (CMSs) allow individuals or collecting institutions to organize, control, and manage their collections' objects by “tracking all information related to and about” those objects.
In larger institutions, the CMS may be used by collections staff such as registrars, collections managers, and curators to record information such as object locations, provenance, curatorial information, conservation reports, professional appraisals, and exhibition histories.
Seth George (born March 30, 1976 in Mission Viejo, California) is a retired American soccer player who spent three seasons in Major League Soccer.CareerYouthGeorge had an outstanding youth soccer career, beginning with his club team, Huntington Beach Futbol Club.
In 1992, George and his team mates won the U.S. U-16 national championship, the DJ Niotis Cup.
He then played soccer at Santa Margarita High School in Rancho Santa Margarita, California.
In 1995, he was the Orange County Offensive MVP.In 1995, he entered college at UCLA, and played four seasons with the men's soccer team.
Zheng He (; born November 1958) is a general (shangjiang) of the People's Liberation Army who served as president of PLA National Defense University from 2017 to 2021.
He is a member of the 19th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party and was a delegate to the 12th National People's Congress.BiographyBorn in Shanghai, in November 1958, he graduated from Combined Arms Academy of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation.
He served in the Nanjing Military Region for a long time.
His first assignment was chief of staff of the 31st Group Army followed by service at Nanjing Military Region as deputy chief of staff.
Maria Mariana is a 1996 Malaysian drama film directed by Yusof Haslam.
It revolves around a story of two sisters, Maria and Mariana, who are very different in character.
The film explores the issue of a troublesome yet rebellious teenager but at the same time reveals that love can change anything.SynopsisMaria and Mariana are sisters but they are poles apart.
Mariana is wild while her elder sister is more reserved and takes great interest in her education and career.
Packer Memorial Chapel (also known as Packer Memorial Church) is a historic church on the campus of Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.HistoryPacker Memorial Chapel was designed by Philadelphia architect Addison Hutton, and built in 1885 when the university was affiliated with the Episcopal Church.
It was donated by Mary Packer Cummings in memory of her father, Asa Packer.
The cornerstone was laid on "the seventh Founder's Day, October 8, 1885" and the consecration took place "Two years later, on the ninth Founder's Day, October 13, 1887".
The chapel was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Project RAINBOW was the name given by the CIA to a research project aimed at reducing the radar cross-section of the Lockheed U-2 and lowering the chance that it would be detected and tracked by Soviet radars during its overflights of the USSR.
However, the Soviets continued to track the U-2 flights in spite of experimentation with various technological fixes.Early flightsThe U-2 was developed by Lockheed Aircraft Corporation for the CIA to perform aerial reconnaissance overflights of the Soviet Union.
Project director Richard M. Bissell assured President Dwight Eisenhower that the aircraft's high altitude () would render it invisible to Soviet radars.
However, the earliest flights in July 1956 were, in fact, tracked.
He moved to Shamrock Rovers for the 1945/46 season and played in the 1946 FAI Cup Final.He then transferred to Glentoran and then to English side Arsenal in October 1947.
In July 1955 he moved to Tranmere Rovers to become player-manager, but his tenure was unsuccessful and brief, with Rovers having to apply for re-election to the League in 1957.
He left Tranmere in 1957 and did not work in football again, as he ran a sports clothes shop on the Wirral.
He died on 28 December  1991.Noel's son John followed in his footsteps by playing for Tranmere Rovers and several other clubs.HonoursBohemiansInter City Cup: 1945ReferencesExternal links   1921 births1991 deathsRepublic of Ireland association footballersAssociation football forwardsRepublic of Ireland international footballersLeague of Ireland playersBohemian F.C.
Secret Secrets is the ninth studio album by British singer-songwriter Joan Armatrading, released on 4 February 1985 by A&M (AMA 5040).
The album was recorded and mixed at Battery Studios (previously known as Morgan Studios), in Willesden, London.
It reached number 14 on the UK Album Chart and was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry for sales in excess of 60,000 copies.
Alex Sadkin, who had produced three albums with Grace Jones, was approached but he was not available at the time.
Laureano Forero Ochoa, referred to as Nano, is a Colombian (Paisa) architect.
His work includes Centro de Capacitación Aranjuez (1993) in Medellín and Parque de Bolivar (1998) in Pereira, Risaralda.
He also designed the chapel at the Campos de Paz cemetery in Medellín.
The concrete building appears as a "literal stairway to heaven".
Josef Michael Hartinger (14 September 1893 – 30 July 1984) was a German lawyer who worked for the Bavarian State authorities in the latter years of the Weimar Republic when the Nazis came to power.
Tasked with investigating some unnatural deaths at the Dachau concentration camp near Munich, Hartinger together with his medical examiner colleague, , discovered the SS policy of summary executions and faked suicides at the camp.
At great risk to his own safety, Hartinger issued an indictment of the camp authorities, which was ultimately betrayed and suppressed.Early lifeJosef Michael Hartinger was born on 14 September 1893 in the village of Pertolzhofen, Bavaria.
After some successes in the German Spring offensive of 1918, the Bavarian 6th Field Artillery crossed the Somme and were charged with weakening the British defenses around Villers-Bretonneux.
Tracy Richard Irving Ulrich (born January 20, 1966), known professionally as Tracii Guns, is an American musician best known as the co-founder of glam metal group L.A.
Guns, as well as the supergroups named Brides of Destruction and Contraband.
He was also a founding member of Guns N' Roses, but left shortly afterwards and was replaced by guitarist Slash.Early lifeUlrich's uncle Ron taught him how to play guitar at a young age.Ulrich attended Fairfax High in Los Angeles.
The three formed a band called Pyrrhus with bassist Dani Tull.
Pierre Emil George Salinger (June 14, 1925 – October 16, 2004) was an American  journalist, author and politician.
He served as the ninth press secretary for United States Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson.
His father, Herbert Salinger, was a New York City-born mining engineer, and his mother, Jehanne (née Biétry), was a French-born journalist.
Salinger's mother was Catholic and his father was Jewish.His maternal grandfather was Pierre Biétry, a member of the French National Assembly, who became known for his "vigorous" defense of Capt.
Ebikon is a municipality in the district of Lucerne in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.HistoryEbikon was first mentioned during the late 9th Century as marcha Abinchova.GeographyEbikon has an area of .
Of this area, 38.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while 23.9% is forested.
Of the rest of the land, 30.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (7.3%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
, 23.94% of the total land area was forested.
Marvin Frederick Hamlisch (June 2, 1944 – August 6, 2012) was an American composer and conductor.
Hamlisch was one of only sixteen people to win Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony awards.
This collection of all four is referred to as an "EGOT".
He is one of only two people (along with composer Richard Rodgers) to have won those four prizes and a Pulitzer Prize ("PEGOT").Early lifeHamlisch was born in Manhattan, to Viennese-born Jewish parents Lilly (née Schachter) and Max Hamlisch.
The Infantry Squad Vehicle (ISV) is an air-transportable high-speed, light utility vehicle selected by the United States Army in 2020 It is based on the Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 platform.
The Army initiated the Ultra Light Combat Vehicle program beginning in 2014.
The Army renamed this the Army Ground Mobility Vehicle in 2015.
The Army never formalized a competitive bid process, but in the interim, opted to purchase a limited number of GMVs through SOCOM's Ground Mobility Vehicle 1.1 program.
Stanford Mobile Inquiry-based Learning Environment (SMILE) is a mobile learning management software and pedagogical model that introduces an innovative approach to students' education.
It is designed to push higher-order learning skills such as applying, analyzing, evaluating, and creating.
Instead of a passive, one-way lecture, SMILE engages students in an active learning process by encouraging them to ask, share, answer and evaluate their own questions.
Teachers play more of the role of a “coach,” or “facilitator”.
Wickramasinghe Wijesundara Ekanayake Abeykoon Mudiyanse Ralahamilage Sir James Williams Maduwanwela (known as Maduwanwela Maha Disawe ) (1844 - 1930) was a Ceylonese colonial-era headmen.
He was appointed to the post of Dissawa by the British Government of Ceylon.Government serviceHe was educated at S. Thomas' College, Mutwal.
He built a large fortune from this land through timber trading, gem mining and elephant kraals, most notably the Elephant Kraal in Panamure which had been started by the Maduwanwela Maha Disawe in the late 1800s while he was a Rate Mahatmaya along with J.T.
Through these proceeds Maduwanwela Disawe expanded his family seat Maduwanwela Walawwa.FamilyMaduwanwela Disawe married twice.
James Birungi, is a Major General in the Uganda People's Defence Force Air Force (UPDAF).
He received promotion from Brigadier to Major General, in February 2019 when a total of over 2,000 men and women of the UPDF received promotions.
Senior Command and Staff Course at USCSC, in Kimaka.See also David Muhoozi Charles Lutaaya Sabiiti MuzeyiReferencesExternal links Website of Uganda Ministry of DefenceLiving people1973 birthsPeople from Nakaseke DistrictUgandan military personnelUgandan generalsUganda Senior Command and Staff College alumni
Fortepan is a community photo archive based in Budapest, Hungary, established in 2010.
Today the archive contains thousands of digitized high-resolution archival photos that capture everyday twentieth-century life in Hungary.
Fortepan photos are organized along an interactive timeline and are publicly available for anyone to search, tag, download, and use.HistoryFounding Fortepan was created in 2010 by Miklós Tamási and Ákos Szepessy, who met while attending the Kaffka Margit High School in the late 1980s.
Tamási and Szepessy stored their found photos, mostly negatives, in paper bags, and forgot about them until the 2000s, when they concluded these images might be worth sharing.
A conductor (North American English) or guard (Commonwealth English) is a train crew member responsible for operational and safety duties that do not involve actual operation of the train/locomotive.
The conductor title is most common in North American railway operations, but the role is common worldwide under various job titles.
The conductor often stays in the center of the train where they can best view the platform.
The engineer (driver) takes direction from the Conductor.
Ciro Domenico Kroon (31 January 1916 – 9 June 2001) was an Curaçao politician and businessman.
He served as Minister of Social and Economic Affairs from 1957 until 1968, and Prime Minister of the Netherlands Antilles from 1968 until 1969.
The 1969 Curaçao uprising caused the collapse of his government.BiographyKroon was born on 31 January 1916 in Curaçao.
In 1942, he joined the civil service in the Department of Social and Economic Affairs.
Robert Crombie Saunders (23 April 1914 – 14 February 1991) was a poet, editor, journalist and teacher, and a significant figure in the Scottish Literary Renaissance of the 20th century.
From 1938-39 he was an Assistant Editor with Blackie & Son.
Ruled unfit for military service on health grounds, he was employed during the war as private secretary to David Archer, publisher (1941–42) and as an Employment Officer in the Ministry of Labour and National Service (1942–43).
He edited Scottish Art and Letters (with J. D. Fergusson as Art Editor) from 1944–48, a total of four issues, with the fifth issue being edited by Hugh MacDiarmid (C.M.
Port Jefferson (informally known as Port Jeff) is an incorporated village in the Town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County, New York, United States on the North Shore of Long Island.
Officially known as the Incorporated Village of Port Jefferson, the population was 7,962 as of the 2020 United States census.Port Jefferson was first settled in the 17th century and remained a rural community until its development as an active shipbuilding center in the mid-19th century.
The port remains active as terminus of the Bridgeport & Port Jefferson Ferry, one of two commercial ferry lines between Long Island and Connecticut, and is supplemented by the terminus of the Long Island Rail Road's Port Jefferson Branch.
This house, named Egerton, was a grand abode on the western end of Mount Sinai Harbor at Mount Misery Neck.
He was a contestant on The Voice Season 4, on Team Usher.Notable work Lewis is featured on the Lego Batman soundtrack on the track "Friends Are Family" by Oh, Hush!
The soundtrack debuted at number 18 and peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Soundtrack charts in 2017.Lewis is also featured on the Lego Ninjago Movie soundtrack with Oh, Hush!, in the song "Found My Place.
"Lewis is also featured on the Descendants soundtrack, providing King Ben's singing voice.
The song "Did I Mention" from the film is performed by Lewis and Mitchell Hope, and peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
Wild China is a six-part nature documentary series on the natural history of China, co-produced by the BBC Natural History Unit and China Central Television (CCTV) and filmed in high-definition (HD).
It was screened in the UK on BBC Two from 11 May to 5 June 2008.
The English narration was provided by Bernard Hill and the series produced by Phil Chapman for the BBC and Gao Xiaoping for CCTV.
The Chinese version was broadcast under the title Beautiful China.
He began his career as a sports director at WHAG-TV in Hagerstown, Maryland, in early 1995.
He got his first anchoring job later that year with KSEE-TV in Fresno, California.
From 1997 to 2000, Hill spent time with WKRN-TV in Nashville, Tennessee, covering high school football and earning two Emmy Awards.
From 2000 to 2002, he spent time as a host at Fox Sports Net in New York City.
The International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme (IGBP) was a research programme that ran from 1987 to 2015 dedicated to studying the phenomenon of global change.
Its primary focus was coordinating "international research on global-scale and regional-scale interactions between Earth's biological, chemical and physical processes and their interactions with human systems.
"The International Council of Scientific Unions, a coordinating body of national science organizations, launched IGBP.
It looked at the total Earth system, the changes that are occurring, and the manner in which changes are influenced by human actions.IGBP aimed to describe and understand how the physical, chemical and biological processes regulate the Earth system.
The coast range has peaks over 2000 m and ends in cliffs in the coast.
There are large salt flats in the Intermediate depression and the Andes.
Norte Grande has Chile's highest mountains including Ojos del Salado (6,891 m) but host also the Altiplano and puna high plateaus.Norte ChicoThe region has semi-arid climate, characterized by the transition from the Atacama Desert to the Mediterranean Matorral vegetation.
The coast range and the Andes merges in this zone leaving no space for the Intermediate depression which is "replaced" by several transversal (east-west) valleys.
Monroe College is a private for-profit college and graduate school based in New York City.
The college was founded in 1933 and has campuses in the Bronx, New Rochelle, and Saint Lucia with an extension site in Manhattan.
The college is named after James Monroe, the fifth President of the United States.
Monroe College is regionally accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.HistoryMonroe College was founded in 1933 by Mildred King as the Monroe School of Business, a women's business school, in the West Farms section of the Bronx.
State Route 369 (SR 369) is a west-to-east state highway in the northern part of the U.S. state of Georgia.
East of US 19/SR 400, now locally known as Browns Bridge Road, SR 369 crosses the northern branches of Lake Lanier in Forsyth County, before crossing the main channel (originally the Chattahoochee River) of the lake via Browns Bridge into Hall County.
SR 369's vehicle load continues to increase as it travels to the east, going from 6,470 west of Matt to just over 11,000 east of Matt to SR 9.
By early in 1944, the Hall County portion of the road had been improved to feature hard surface.
Pit Er Pat is a post-rock band from Chicago Illinois.
They formed in 2002 as the trio of Fay Davis-Jeffers on keyboard and vocals, former founding member of Alkaline Trio Rob Doran on bass, and Butchy Fuego on drums.
Their sound is very atmospheric and has a dark ambience that is similar to other instrumental avant-garde groups.
Much of the group's offerings are rhythmically complex as well.
Zhuo Renxi (; 12 February 1931 – 6 August 2019) was a Chinese chemist who specialized in biomaterial research.
He served as professor and Chair of the Department of Chemistry of Wuhan University.
He was an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a Fellow of Biomaterials Science and Engineering.Early life and education Zhuo was born on 12 February 1931 in Xiamen, Fujian, Republic of China.
After graduating from the Department of Chemistry of Fudan University, he was assigned to teach at Wuhan University as an assistant professor.
The Chevrolet Special Deluxe Series AH Fleetline is an automobile which was produced by US automaker Chevrolet from 1941 to 1952.
From 1946 to 1948 it was a sub-series of the Chevrolet Fleetmaster rather than a series of the Special Deluxe and from 1949 to 1951 it was a sub-series of both the Chevrolet Special and the Chevrolet Deluxe.
In its final year it was offered only as a sub-series of the latter.The Fleetline was introduced late in the 1941 model year as a four-door sedan only.
In 1942, a fastback two-door "Aerosedan" was also offered while the sedan was renamed "Sport Master".
William Stewart, 1st Viscount Mountjoy (1653–1692), was an Anglo-Irish peer and soldier.Early life William Stewart was born in 1653, the son of Sir Alexander Stewart, 2nd Baronet, of Ramelton.
His family was from Donegal, Ulster Scots, and Protestant.CareerHe was appointed Master-General of the Ordnance and colonel of a regiment of foot.
In 1682 Charles II created him Viscount Mountjoy and Baron Stewart in the Peerage of Ireland.In 1686 Mountjoy served the Holy League (1684) in Hungary at the siege of Buda, where he was twice dangerously wounded.On his return to Ireland he was made a brigadier-general.
Macaulay styled him "a brave soldier, an accomplished scholar."
James (Jemmy) Wood (7 October 1756 – 20 April 1836) was the owner of the Gloucester Old Bank who became nationally known as "The Gloucester Miser".
His wealth of around £900,000 was stated at the time to have made him "the richest commoner in His Majesty's dominions".Early lifeWood was born on 7 October 1756 in Westgate Street, Gloucester and baptised at St Michael's Church on 19 October 1756.
He was the third child and only son of Richard and Elizabeth Wood and he attended either Sir Thomas Rich's School or The King's School.Gloucester Old BankWood inherited the bank from his grandfather who had founded it in 1716.
The bank was said to have been one of the oldest private banks in Britain, having survived the financial consequences of the Napoleonic Wars when many other banks went out of business.
Giacomo Devoto (19 July 1897 – 25 December 1974) was an Italian historical linguist and one of the greatest exponents of the twentieth century of the discipline.
Among his contributions on Indo-European studies there is the elaboration of the concept of "Peri-Indo-European", i.e.
The term refers to both languages and territories but also peoples.
The Peri-Indo-European can be seen as a rough Indo-European that was produced when traditions alien to the Indo-European were progressively altered by contact with the Indo-European.
Rig'n'Roll is an open world truck driving simulation and racing video game released on 27 November 2009 in Russia and during 2010 in the rest of the world.
It simulates truck driving and management along with associated business strategic activities, and features North American trucks.
The game takes place in California and Nevada, in the year 2014.The game was published by 1C and developed by SoftLab-NSK's Igor Belago, who was inspired by games like Grand Theft Auto.
Rig'n'Roll also includes a program for the creation of skins for trucks, license plates, and trailers.
Walter's sister, Jessie, was a designer in the Arts and Crafts style and his younger brother was the sculptor Gilbert Bayes.
Walter Bayes attended the Quaker School at Saffron Waldon and then University College School before beginning work in a solicitor's office.
He did not enjoy the work and in 1886 began to take evening classes at the City and Guilds of London Institute in Finsbury before studying full-time at the Westminster School of Art.
In 1894 he spent a short period of time studying at the Academie Julian in Paris.CareerBy the turn of the century Bayes had already exhibited a landscape painting at the Royal Academy, in 1890, and had exhibited at the New English Art Club in 1892.
Its territories included parts of southeastern Galicia, Bukovyna, and western Podolia.
It bordered on Kiev principality to the east, Zvenyhorod principality to the west, and parts of Volodymyr-Volynskyi principality, Lutsk principality, and Peresopnytsia principality to the north.
Vasylko Rostyslavych extensively colonized the territories southeast of Terebovlia by employing Turkic peoples (Berendeys, Torks, and Pechenegs), and he annexed Ponyzia, thereby securing it against nomadic raiders.
Halych gained importance as a political and economic center; other important cities and fortresses included Terebovlia, Mykulyn (now Mykulyntsi), Chern (now Chernivtsi), Vasyliv (Bukovyna), Onut, Kuchelemyn, Bakota, Ushytsia, and Kalius.
Elizabeth Anne "Libby" Skala (April 20, 1967 – December 1, 2019) was an American actress and writer best known for plays about her Austrian-American relatives.
was developed in Austin's workshop and went on to receive rave reviews internationally.
It portrays the story of Skala's great aunt Elizabeth "Lisl" Polk, a pioneer of dance therapy, and is based on a series of interviews recorded while Skala was researching Lilia!.
The play toured North America and Europe.Libby Skala collaborated with her husband, musician Steven May, to create her third show, Felicitas, which was premiered at the New York International Fringe Festival in 2014.
Taipan Catamarans are sailing catamarans, available amateur built or manufactured by Australian High Performance Catamarans (AHPC).Taipan 4.9The Taipan 4.9 is either constructed professionally from kevlar/fibreglass or can be home built from plywood.
New fibreglass boats are only available from the current manufacturer, Concept Fibres, however amateur builders can buy plans to build a plywood boat.It is a highly popular class in Australia, and is a favourite amongst high-performance racing purists.
Designed by Greg Goodall And Jim Boyer in the early 1980s the 4.9 metre Taipan was a development of the Mosquito catamaran, lightweight and more similar to the A class in hull design.
The sail plan had a higher aspect, and it was lighter overall weight than most North American designs.
Tien Tsai-ting (; born 1930) is a Taiwanese politician and media executive.CareerTien was elected to a Taichung County seat within the Legislative Yuan in 1989.
After leaving the legislature upon the end of his term in 1993, Tien advocated for media rights in Taiwan.
Tien became a member of the Taiwan Independence Party, and served as vice chairman of Formosa Television.
During the 1998 legislative elections, he sought a seat from Taichung County on behalf of the Taiwan Independence Party.
The Nuns was an American rock band in San Francisco and New York City.
Best known as one of the founding acts of the early San Francisco punk scene, the band went through a number of hiatuses and periodic reunions, lineup changes, and changes in style.
Overall, The Nuns performed and recorded on and off from the mid-1970s into the 2000s.
While the band was in its formative phase, they practiced in a warehouse in Terra Linda.
The Past Is a Foreign Land () is a 2008 Italian neo-noir film directed by Daniele Vicari.
It is based on the novel with the same name written by Gianrico Carofiglio, who also collaborated to the screenplay.
It entered the competition at the 2008 Rome International Film Festival, in which Michele Riondino was awarded best actor.Plot    Bari: Giorgio, a classic good guy and a law graduate, feels a bit out of place in circles he frequented with his girlfriend.
During an elegant Christmas party he defends a stranger, Francesco, with whom he forms a solid friendship that introduces him to a world totally unknown to him, that of gambling - poker, in this case -, in which the two play couple cheating.
"The Cat: Eyes that See Death") is a 2011 South Korean horror film directed by Byun Seung-wook.
The film is about So-yeon (Park Min-young), who works at a small pet-grooming shop called Kitty N Puppy.
So-yeon has claustrophobia and starts having apparitions of a ghostly young girl with cat-like eyes (Kim Ye-ron).PlotSo-yeon works as a groomer in a pet shop called Kitty N Puppy, but has claustrophobia due to childhood trauma.
A woman comes to the pet shop to collect her Persian cat, Bidanyi.
The Ricetta di Malta, also known as the Ricetta dei Cavalieri di Malta, is a ruined historic building in Augusta, Sicily.
It was built in the 17th century by the Knights Hospitaller as a supply base.History In 1648, Viceroy of Sicily John Joseph of Austria granted permission to the Hospitaller Grand Master Giovanni Paolo Lascaris to establish a supply base in Augusta.
This supplied provisions to the Hospitaller fleet and drinking water to the island of Malta, which was ruled by the Hospitallers.
The complex also included an oratory and a garden.A Hospitaller knight with the title of Ricevitore Capo was in charge of the complex, which was known as a ricetta.
Kat Perkins (born December 23, 1980) is an American singer and songwriter from Scranton, North Dakota.
She appeared on The Voice season 6 and advanced to the television show's semi-finals.
She released her first single in August 2014.Early life and educationKat Perkins was born and raised in Scranton, North Dakota.
She is the daughter of Mark Perkins, a music teacher, and Gayle Perkins, an organist.
George Oughton (20 February 1842 – 12 September 1898) was a musician and bandleader in South Australia, remembered as the Adelaide Town Hall's first organist.HistoryOughton was born in Jamaica, the youngest son of Rev.
Samuel Oughton, whose daughter Lavinia married E. Paxton Hood.
He opened the new organ at Christ Church, Kapunda in 1873.He became associated with the Unitarian congregation at a social meeting at White's Rooms in July 1875, and in December 1876 was appointed their organist while it was being constructed.
He opened the new Wolff organ on 13 April 1877, nearly 20 years after the first sermon by the Rev.
The songs were written in Portuguese, influenced by the '60s garage rock, power punk and rock and roll, and MPB from the '70s as well.
When the new members arrived in 1987 - Vitor Leite (drums) and Lu Stoppa (bass), the band's approach changed quite a lot.
This new atmosphere created by the group made Fernando Naporano call themselves a Regressive Rock band.
Then the first LP came out: "Outsider" (Vinil Urbano) was released in 1988.
Acharya M. R. Rajesh, (born 31 May 1972), better known as Acharyasri Rajesh is an Indian Spiritual Guru, Vedic Educator, and Author.
As he was born in an orthodox Namboodiri family, he was able to  learn Vedas from his father Subramanyan Namboodiri himself.
Harshavardhanan he learnt Vyakarana and Nyaya (Indian logic).
Later he joined Acharya Narandra Bhooshan, a renowned Vedic scholar in Kerala, and learnt to interpret Vedas according to the Nirukta, ancient Vedic etymology from him.
Xircom, Inc. was based in Thousand Oaks, California, with manufacturing facilities located in Penang, Malaysia and international offices throughout Europe and Asia Pacific.
They were one of the first companies to develop network computing products for notebook computers.
Products included computer memory cards, LAN adapters, modems, and remote access server products.
The company's products enabled notebook users to share information over a network connection.
Nipun Avinash Dharmadhikari (born in 1988) is a Marathi writer, actor, and director.
He is known for the revival of Sangeet Natak(Musicals) and long five act plays.Early life & personal life Dharmadhikari's early education was in a convent school.
His first contact with arts came when he did an impromptu performance of the Marathi play, Varhad Nighalay London La in front of his class, in school.
The teachers found out and he then began performing for annual days and other public events.
The museum offers free parking to its visitors in the White River State Park Garage.The Gund Gallery has an appreciable collection of paintings and bronzes by Frederic Remington and Charles Russell.
It also has paintings by: George Winter, Thomas Hill, Albert Bierstadt, Charles King, and Olaf Seltzer.
The new galleries include two galleries dedicated to the museum's extensive contemporary art collection.
The collection includes works by T. C. Cannon, Kay WalkingStick, Andy Warhol, and many more.
Goyder's Line is a line that runs roughly east–west across South Australia and, in effect, joins places with an average annual rainfall of .
North of Goyder's Line, annual rainfall is usually too low to support cropping, with the land being suitable only for grazing.
Related to that, the line also marks a distinct change in vegetation.
To the south, it is composed mainly of mallee scrub, whilst saltbush predominates to the north of the line.HistoryWith barely 30 years' knowledge of this new country, farmers needed reliable information about the climate and growing conditions.
He left the room and watched from a telephone booth across the street while other guests rescued David.Dave had third-degree burns over 90% of his body; he required finger and toe amputations and received a total of more than a hundred skin grafts.
He was badly disfigured and during one grafting operation experienced brain swelling that led to seizures and other complications.
He was released in 1990 on three years' supervised parole after serving seven years.
After two years he fled, but turned himself in to authorities.
He has also served as the Secretary of the Parliamentary Group and Parliamentary Spokesman for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK), the majority party in Greece (2009–2010).
He also was candidate for Mayor of Athens (2002).Early life and educationHe was born in Larissa, Greece, in 1953 and later moved to Athens where he studied Economics at the National and Kapodistrian University.
Introduced structural and functional changes upgrading the Hellenic Police, the Hellenic Coast Guard and the Fire Service.
As Leader of the Opposition served in the Municipal Council Athens (2002–2006) and participated in the preparation, organization and conduct of the 2004 Athens Olympics.2000-2001 Minister of Mercantile Marine Minister of Mercantile Marine in the Government of PASOK under Prime Minister Costas Simitis.
Missundaztood is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Pink.
It was released on November 20, 2001, by Arista Records.
After the commercial breakthrough of her 2000 debut album Can't Take Me Home, Pink became frustrated and dissatisfied with the lack of creative control and being marketed as a white R&B singer.
Aspiring to pursue a rawer rock-inspired musical direction, she started working on the album with Linda Perry after unwittingly discovering her phone number in her makeup artist's phone book.
From 2002 to 2016, she was the President and CEO of The Co-operators Group Ltd, a Canadian insurance cooperative based in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
She is one of a handful of women at the helm of the top 100 companies in Canada.Early life and educationBardswick is one of six children born to Bill Bardswick and his wife Annastasia (née MacNeil).
degree in mathematics from the University of Manitoba, and her Master of Business Administration from McMaster University.CareerBardswick began her career with The Co-operators right out of business school in 1978.
Her mother applied for the job for her and pretended she was Kathy when the company called back.
Kirk Fletcher (born December 23, 1975) is an American electric blues guitarist, singer, and songwriter.
To date, Fletcher has released four studio albums and one live album.
In addition, he has variously been a member of the Fabulous Thunderbirds and the Mannish Boys, plus supplied backing for Joe Bonamassa and Eros Ramazzotti.
Fletcher has been nominated for four Blues Music Awards and was a 2015 British Blues Awards nominee.His latest album, Hold On, was released in October 2018.
]]"Ben Bolt" (Roud 2653) is a sentimental ballad with lyrics derived from a poem by Thomas Dunn English.
It enjoyed widespread popularity throughout the English-speaking world during the nineteenth century.HistoryThomas Dunn English wrote the poem "Ben Bolt" in 1842 at the specific request of Nathaniel Parker Willis.
A widely reported story is that Kneass produced the song as accompaniment to a play about the recent Battle of Buena Vista, borrowing the music from a German melody.
The narrator, who addresses each memory to the title character, begins the first stanza by describing the life and death of a woman named Alice.
Elisaveta Bagryana () (16 April, 1893 – 23 March, 1991), born Elisaveta Lyubomirova Belcheva (), was a Bulgarian poet who wrote her first verses while living with her family in Veliko Tarnovo in 1907–08.
She, along with Dora Gabe (1886–1983), is considered one of the "first ladies of Bulgarian women's literature".
She was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature three times.LifeElisaveta Lyubomirova Belcheva was born on April 16, 1893 in Sofia, Bulgaria in a clerk's family.
She finished her primary and secondary education in the capital city.
Gojong's representatives asserted the monarch's rights to rule Korea independent of Japan.
However, the nations at The Hague did not allow the emissaries to take part in the conference and blocked this diplomatic mission.Emperor Gojong's emissaries were unable to gain entry into the convention hall.
The envoys' work was very much behind the scenes and there were no dramatic public speeches later attributed to them.
Even many South Koreans continue to believe in the dramatic suicide of one of the emissaries, which in reality, did not take place.
John Sebastian Bach Stopford, Baron Stopford of Fallowfield KBE FRCS FRCP FRS (25 June 1888 – 6 March 1961) was a British peer, a physician and anatomist, and a Vice-Chancellor of the University of Manchester.
Lord Stopford was described as "one of the greatest anatomists of this century".Early life and educationStopford was born in Hindley Green near Wigan, UK.
The entry in the registry of births for Wigan, page 92 of volume 8c, 1888, records his birth name as John Sebastian B. Stopford, the son of Thomas Rinch Stopford, a colliery engineer, and his wife Mary (Tyrer) Stopford.
He was educated at Liverpool College and Manchester Grammar School.
Christine Dumitriu Van Saanen (1932 – April 2008) was a Romanian-born Canadian writer, educator, engineer and geologist.BiographyThe daughter of a Dutch diplomat in Romania, she was born in Bucharest and was educated there and at the Oil & Gas Institute.
She taught at the École Polytechnique de Montréal and then the Université du Québec à Montréal.
From 1982 to 1987, she taught at the University of Calgary.
In 1982, she founded the Société littéraire francophone de l'Alberta and served as its president until 1987.
Highland Park Village is an upscale shopping plaza located at the southwest corner of Mockingbird Lane and Preston Road in Highland Park, Texas and was the first self-contained shopping center in America.
After the death of Hugh Prather, Sr. in 1959, management of the Village was taken over by his sons, John Prather and Hugh Prather, Jr.
In 1966, the Howard Corporation acquired the shopping center.
In 1976, the Howard Corporation decided to sell the Village and enlisted the help of the Henry S. Miller Company.
Le migliori is an album by Italian singers Mina and Adriano Celentano, issued on November 11, 2016.
The first single "Amami amami" was released on October 21, 2016.Le migliori was the best-selling album in 2016 in Italy.
It sold 340,000 copies, getting the 6× Platinum certification.BackgroundIn March 2015, rumors began in the Italian press of another collaboration between Adriano Celentano and Mina following their 1998 successful album Mina Celentano.
Celentano himself hinted at the possibility when he posted a message on his blog to congratulate Mina on her 75th birthday.
Mouloudia Club d'Alger (), referred to as MC Alger or MCA for short, is an Algerian football club based in Algiers.
The club was founded in 1921 and its colours are red, green and white.
Their home stadium, the Stade 5 Juillet 1962, has a capacity of 65,000 spectators.
The club is currently playing in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.Founded in 1921 as Mouloudia Club Algérois and Mouloudia Chaâbia d’Alger, the club was known as Mouloudia Pétroliers d'Alger  from 1977 to 1986 and changed its name to Mouloudia Club d'Alger in 1986.
The Men's Irish Hockey League is a field hockey league organised by Hockey Ireland that features men's teams from both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
The league was first played for during the 2008–09 season.
It replaced the All-Ireland Club Championships as the top level men's field hockey competition in Ireland.
Teams were divides into two pools with the winners and runners-up in each pool then qualifying for the semi-finals.
Peter Atte Wode () was a Justice in Eyre for England south of the Trent from 1360–1367.Atte Wode was probably born in Coulsdon in Surrey (now Greater London) according to Manning and Bray's History of Surrey.
The precise date of his birth is not known, but it is presumed to have been sometime before 1325.
His father was Geoffrey Atte Wode (Abt 1297–1346), a Serjeant-at-Arms to Edward III and his mother was Anisia.
This commission was formed in several counties in England to provide an enforcement for new laws that had been enacted to regulate labour and provide for peace after the Black Death decimated the population in 1348–49.
The site's Classical name appears to have been Sak-Nikte' ('White-Flower').The search for 'Site Q'During the 1960s looted Maya reliefs referring to a then-unknown city surfaced on the international art market.
One of these reliefs, showing a ball player, is now in the Chicago Art Institute; another is in the Dallas Museum of Art.
Peter Mathews, then a Yale graduate student, dubbed the city "Site Q" (short for ¿Qué?
Some researchers believed that the inscriptions referred to Calakmul, but the artistic style of the artifacts was different from anything that had been found there.
Æthelred was king of Northumbria in the middle of the ninth century, but his dates are uncertain.
N. J. Higham gives 840 to 848, when he was killed, with an interruption in 844 when Rædwulf usurped the throne, but was killed the same year fighting against the Vikings.
Barbara Yorke agrees, and adds that Æthelred was the son of his predecessor, Eanred, but dates his death 848 or 849.
D. P. Kirby thinks that an accession date of 844 is more likely, but notes that a coin of Eanred dated stylistically no earlier than 850 may require a more radical revision of dates.
Scott Sonenshein is the Henry Gardiner Symonds Professor at the Jesse H. Jones School of Business, Rice University.
He is an organizational psychologist that primarily uses field methodologies to examine questions around work and organizations.
Sonenshein is also the author of the book Stretch: Unlock the Power of Less – and Achieve More than You Ever Imagined.
His time in Silicon Valley inspired his research on organizational change and resourcefulness.
One of the major buzzwords was for us to try to get "on the idea level."
That meant having a pictorial idea which would generate work.
It was clear that my teachers at Brooklyn and also both de Kooning and Hayter did not believe that they had to go through the motions of imitating recent radical art.
They were going out on their own and inventing new art.
White homeowners lived mostly in suburban neighborhoods, and black people occupied a great deal of the inner city.
In the aftermath of Buchanan, other less explicit methods to force and maintain segregation were created, such as racially-restrictive covenants.
Another tactic, exclusionary zoning, was not explicitly racial in description but maintained de facto racial segregation and was upheld in Euclid v. Ambler (1926).)
The covenants were documents drawn up by members of a neighborhood and stated that the signers would not sell their homes to any nonshite person.
The 2007 WGC-CA Championship was a golf tournament that was contested from March 22–25 over the Blue Monster Course at  Doral Golf Resort & Spa in Doral, Florida.
It was the eighth WGC-CA Championship tournament, and the second of three World Golf Championships events held in 2007.
This was the second time Woods captured three consecutive titles at the same WCG event (he also won NEC Invitational from 1999−2001).
Later in 2007, Woods would win a third consecutive WGC-Bridgestone Invitational title (formerly known as the NEC Invitational).
A police caution is a formal alternative to prosecution in minor cases, administered by the police in England and Wales.
It is commonly used to resolve cases where full prosecution is not seen as the most appropriate solution.
Accepting a caution requires an admission of guilt.PurposeA police caution (since 2005 more properly known as a simple caution) is a formal warning given by the police to anyone aged 10 years or over who has admitted that they are guilty of a minor crime.
Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) guidelines set out how long this information will be retained for.
Cees de Vreugd, also known as "Kees de Vreugd" (9 March 1952 – 7 October 1998) was a butcher, strongman and powerlifter from Katwijk, Netherlands.
He finished third at the World's Strongest Man games in 1985.After competing in soccer in his youth, De Vreugd started weightlifting very late at the age of 29 in 1981.
In 1982 he began competing as a powerlifter, and won the Dutch National Championships in 1983.
De Vreugd won the IPF World Powerlifting Championships in the +125 kg class in 1985.
spellings emmit or emit)  is a word for the Cornish dialect of English that is used to refer to tourists or holiday makers coming to Cornwall.
There is debate over whether the term is pejorative or not.
However the use of 'emmet' to mean ants is actually from the Cornish dialect of English and is derived from the Old English word æmete from which the modern English word ant, is also derived (compare Modern German Ameise [ant]).
The Cornish word for ant is actually moryon (pl.
Rudolf Hillebrecht (26 February 1910 - 6 March 1999) was a German architect and city planner.
In 1948, against an impressive list of rival candidates,  he succeeded in obtaining appointment as city planning officer for his home city of Hannover, with a mandate to rebuild a city that had suffered massive bomb damage between 1942 and 1945.
Urban developments during the next twenty years repeatedly demonstrated the extent of Hillebrand's influence across and beyond western Europe.
His redevelopment of Hannover was nevertheless not uncontroversial even at the time.
Ernest W. Seaholm High School (simply referred to as Seaholm High School) is a public high school in Birmingham, Michigan, United States.
It was established in 1951 and is part of the Birmingham Public Schools district.History Seaholm opened in 1951 under the name Birmingham High.
At the time, the Board of Education President was Ernest W. Seaholm (retired Chief Engineer for Cadillac) and the treasurer was Wylie E. Groves.
Birmingham's two high schools are now named for them: Seaholm High School and Groves High School.
Roxen is a free software web server produced by Roxen Internet Software, a company based in Linköping, Sweden and named after the nearby lake Roxen.
Roxen originally appeared as Spinner in the mid-1990s and is written in  uLPC or Pike.
Roxen was built to meet the needs of content creators.RXML RXML (RoXen Macro Language) is a server-side scripting language integrated into Roxen.
This language has capabilities of scripting languages like Perl, but the HTML-like syntax makes it more familiar to content creators.
Etifoxine (INN; also known as etafenoxine; trade name Stresam) is an anxiolytic and anticonvulsant drug developed by Hoechst in the 1960s.
It is sold in approximately 40 countries for anxiety disorders, without the sedation and ataxia associated with benzodiazepine drugs.
It has similar anxiolytic effects to benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct, although it has structural elements in common with them.
Studies suggest is as effective as lorazepam as an anxiolytic, but has fewer side effects.
Arab al-Shamalina () also known as Khirbat Abu Zayna was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict.
It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on May 4, 1948, under Operation Matate (Broom), a sub operation of Operation Yiftach.
It was located 13 km southeast of Safad near the Jordan River.In 1945 it had a population of 650.HistoryThe village was located north of Lake Tiberias, west of the Jordan River.
Of this, 3,842 dunums was allocated to cereals,  238 dunums were irrigated or used for orchards, while 12,610 dunams were classified as non-cultivable land.
Cyrus S. Poonawalla (born in 1941) is an Indian billionaire businessman, and the chairman and managing director of the Cyrus Poonawalla Group, which includes the Serum Institute of India, an Indian biotech company which is the largest vaccine manufacturer in the world.
In 2021, he was ranked number 5 on Fortunes' India rich list with a net worth of $19 billion.Career Poonwalla founded the Serum Institute of India in 1966 and built it to the largest vaccine manufacturer (by doses) in the world.
Serum produces over 1.5 billion doses annually of a range of vaccines, including for measles, polio and flu.FamilyCyrus Poonawalla was born in a Parsi family.
He was married to Villoo Poonawalla, who died in 2010.
Two Roses and a Golden Rod is a 1969 pornographic erotic film directed by Albert Zugsmith.
Billy is burdened by the demands of his wife, while Sheree regularly argues with her daughter.
Despite being father and daughter, Billy and Junior are sexually attracted to each other.
Junior constantly flirts with her father, while Billy keeps his incestuous urges to himself despite his wife pointing out his obvious attraction to her.
Dimitri Alexeyevich Smirnoff (Smirnov) (, April 27, 1944) was a leading Russian operatic tenor with a lyric voice and a bravura singing technique.BiographyA Muscovite, Smirnoff was a student of Emiliya Pavlovskaya and Alexander Dodonov.
He made his début in St Petersburg in 1903 as Gigi in Eugenio Domenico Esposito's La Camorra.
In 1904, Smirnoff became a member of the Bolshoi company in Moscow, singing there until 1910.
He then sang at the Mariinsky Theatre, St Petersburg, from 1911 to 1917.
Bruce Feirstein (born 1956) is an American screenwriter and humorist, best known for his contributions to the James Bond series and his best-selling humor books, including Real Men Don't Eat Quiche and Nice Guys Sleep Alone.
Real Men Don't Eat Quiche was on The New York Times Best Seller List for 53 weeks.Early life and educationFeirstein was born in Maplewood, New Jersey.
While in high school, Feirstein had a job changing the lightbulbs on the runways at Newark Airport.
He has been a contributing editor at Vanity Fair since 1995, and a columnist at Strategy+Business magazine since 2000.
The Francis Benedict Jr. House, or Benedict–Smith House, is a historic house at 85 North Colebrook Road in Norfolk, Connecticut.
Erected sometime between about 1795 and 1811, it is a high-quality example of late Colonial and early Federal architecture, and a well-preserved surviving example of the town's early architecture.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.Description and historyThe Francis Benedict Jr. House stands in a rural area of northeastern Norfolk, on the north side of North Colebrook Road just east of its junction with South Sandisfield Road.
It has a west-facing main block, to which ells have been added to the east side.
The headmistress of the school, Charlotte Cowdroy, a well-known reformer of education for girls, became a substitute for her mother.
She studied English Literature in London, obtained her B.A.
and began to teach at Charlotte Cowdroy’s school, which in time, she took over.
In the middle of a Eurythmy lesson, Margaret left the room together with her colleague Cora Nokes.
Kholosi is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in two villages in southern Iran that was first described in 2008.
At its current status, the language is considered endangered.
In 2008, it was only spoken in the neighboring villages of Kholus and Gotav.
As it is located on the Iranian Plateau and surrounded by Iranian languages, it draws heavily from them.ClassificationKholosi is definitively known to be an Indo-Aryan language albeit with significant lexical borrowing from Iranian languages given its geographical location.
There in 1897 he received his Promotion (Ph.D.) with dissertation Untersuchungen über die Theorie der isothermal Flächen (Investigations on the theory of isothermal surfaces) supervised by Schwarz.
In 1905 Rothe completed his habilitation at the Technische Hochschule Berlin-Charlottenburg (Technical University of Berlin).
He was a professor from 1908 to 1914 at the Clausthal University of Technology (TU Claustral) and from 1914 to 1915 at the Technische Hochschule Hanover (University of Hanover), where he founded the Institute for Applied Mathematics.
From 1915 he was a professor at the Technical University of Berlin, where he was rector in 1921.
The Inqilab March (انقلاب مارچ) (English: Revolution March) was a public protest by the Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) Party occurring in August and September 2014.
In mid-August 2014, Islamic Scholar and political figure Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri led thousands of people, in hundreds of cars, buses and trucks towards the federal capital, Islamabad, from the provincial capital, Lahore.
Many of the protesters were his die hard but peaceful and unarmed political workers and students from all parts of  Pakistan.
All of these peaceful workers were demanding the lodging/registering the First Information Report against the killers of Model Town Massacre that had been refused by the police.
Taiwan Highway Electronic Toll Collection System (ETC; ) is used to electronically collect tolls on national freeways in Taiwan.
All tolls are collected electronically by overhead gantries with multi-lane free flow, not at traditional toll booths.
remove the per diem) during peak travel seasons to facilitate distribution of congestion to midnight hours.The toll gates divide the highway into segments, each having a price value determined by distance to the next gate (interchange).
A daily gate count is calculated at midnight, and the total charge is deducted in 48 hours.
Union Nationale Interuniversitaire (UNI) or "Inter-University Union" is a French right-wing union of university students, created in February 1969.HistoryThe UNI was founded in order to expand the conservative and the right-wing influence in the French university after the May 1968 events.
Since its foundation, the UNI claims to be a movement of activists, activism being the main mission of the organization along with the participation to the elections of the students' representatives within the French universities.
Its anti-socialist position pushed the UNI to get closer to the RPR and now to the UMP, the main French right-wing party.
Some of its members also belong to the Movement for France, a more traditionalist conservative political party.
Mortimer Jordan High School is a public high school located in Kimberly, Alabama.
It is a part of the Jefferson County Board of Education.The school was named after Captain Mortimer Harvie Jordan, a war hero who lost his life in World War I.
As commanding officer of Company K, 167th infantry, 42nd "Rainbow Division" Alabama Army National Guard, he was mortally wounded while leading his sector in battle.
He died of his wounds in 1918 and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.Student profile Enrollment in grades 9-12 for the 2012-13 school year is 757 students.
Dover () is a town and major ferry port in Kent, South East England.
It faces France across the Strait of Dover, the narrowest part of the English Channel at  from Cap Gris Nez in France.
The town is the administrative centre of the Dover District and home of the Port of Dover.Archaeological finds have revealed that the area has always been a focus for peoples entering and leaving Britain.
The name derives from the River Dour that flows through it.In recent times the town has undergone transformations with a high-speed rail link to London, new retail in town with St James' area opened in 2018, and a revamped promenade and beachfront.
That’s why we did it, [the characters]' names are Lexi and Livia.
I think we wanted to make Lex more like me and Livia more like Kendall, and they kind of evolved into their own characters.
"Main charactersLex and Livia Cosmo — are the twin daughters of Arnaud Cosmos and Delphia.
Lex is a hard-scrabbled, bullheaded, tough-talking orphan while Livia is an indignant, bullheaded debutant orphan.
Carolyn Glover Utz (1913 – March 9, 2005) was an American musician, conductor and educator.
She taught at several colleges after graduating from OSU, including at North Carolina State College, Kentucky State College, and Edward Waters College.In 1944, Utz was a candidate for the Columbus Philharmonic Orchestra.
She auditioned with Izler Solomon, who was looking to hire black musicians.
Utz, on bass, became the first African-American member of the orchestra and was, at the time, the only black person working for an orchestra of its size in the country.
Reuven Michael Carlyle (born August 10, 1965) is a Democratic member of the Washington State Senate representing the Washington's 36th legislative district since 2009.
The district spans the Seattle neighborhoods of South Lake Union, Belltown, Queen Anne, Magnolia, Greenwood, Ballard, Crown Hill, Blue Ridge.
It is home of the Space Needle in the Seattle Center, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and PATH as well as global companies including Amazon, F5 Networks, Expedia, Trident Seafoods, Juno Therapeutics and more.
He continues to provide business development and strategic consulting services to leading companies and organizations.LegislatureCarlyle serves as chair of the Senate Energy, Climate & Technology Committee, as well as a member of the Ways & Means and Rules Committee.
The  agricultural policy of the United States is composed primarily of the periodically renewed federal U.S. farm bills.
The Farm Bills have a rich history which initially sought to provide income and price support to US farmers and prevent them from adverse global as well as local supply and demand shocks.
This implied an elaborate subsidy program which supports domestic production by either direct payments or through price support measures.
The former incentivizes farmers to grow certain crops which are eligible for such payments through environmentally conscientious practices of farming.
Day in Court was an American dramatized court show that ran on ABC Daytime starting on October 13, 1958 until its cancellation in February 1965.Background and OverviewIn the summer of 1957, ABC owned-and-operated Los Angeles affiliate KABC began broadcasting a show entitled Traffic Court.
The series presented re-enactments of traffic court cases and arraignments.
First the series aired locally but became part of ABC's national daytime schedule.
It was soon followed by Divorce Court which premiered on, then, local Los Angeles independent station KTTV, (now a Fox owned-and-operated television station), in 1957.
The other reactor and reprocessing facility are built and supplied by Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) in the 1970s and 1980s, respectively.
Supervised by the United States and International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the first two reactors are subject to IAEA safeguards and its inspections.History of PARR-Reactors The PARR-I Reactor was supplied by the United States government in 1965 under the Atoms for Peace program.
The PINSTECH institute was designed by American architect Edward Durrell Stone, when noted Pakistani scientists, Abdus Salam and Ishrat Hussain Usmani travelled to the United States of America in the early 1960s.
The first reactor was supplied by the American Machine and Foundry as its contractors, and the first reactor was built by the American nuclear engineer Peter Karter.In the first stage, reactor building and ancillary facilities were completed with the reactor becoming critical on 21 December 1965.
Bette Midler (; born December 1, 1945) is an American actress, comedian, singer, songwriter and author.
She came to prominence in 1970 when she began singing in the Continental Baths, a local gay bathhouse where she managed to build up a core following.
Since 1970, Midler has released 14 studio albums as a solo artist, selling over 30 million records worldwide, and has received four Gold, three Platinum, and three Multiplatinum albums by RIAA.
Many of her songs became chart hits, including her renditions of "The Rose", "Wind Beneath My Wings", "Do You Want to Dance", "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy", and "From a Distance".
Akaki Gogia (; born 18 January 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Zürich.
He began his career in Germany with VfL Wolfsburg, before signing for Hallescher FC in 2013 and moving to England to join Brentford in 2015.
He returned to Germany with Union Berlin in 2017 and moved to Switzerland to join FC Zürich in 2021.
Born in Georgia, Gogia won international youth caps for Germany at U18 and U19 level.
Kalangala, also known as Ssesse, is a district in Central Uganda.
The district is coterminous with the Ssese Islands in Lake Victoria and does not have territory on mainland Uganda.
The Kalangala district headquarters are located approximately , across water, southwest of Entebbe, in Wakiso District.
The coordinates of the district are: 00 26S, 32 15E.OverviewKalangala District covers an area of , of which only  (5.1%) is land and the rest is open water.
Trwbador were a Welsh duo who occupied a place in the musical landscape between folk and techno.
The two-piece resided in Carmarthenshire, although they began working together while at University in Newport.
Trwbador's original sound has established them as a forerunner of the Welsh music scene.2010–2012 Members Owain Gwilym and Angharad Van Rijswijk began writing music together in 2010.
After graduating from Newport University, the two relocated to West Wales, where they are originally from, and released two home-recorded EPs through their own label Owlet Music.
The 2010 Spokane Shock season was the fifth season for the franchise, and the first in the current incarnation of the Arena Football League, coming from the AF2, which dissolved following the 2009 season.
The team is coached by Rob Keefe and played their home games at Spokane Veterans Memorial Arena.StandingsRegular season scheduleThe Shock, coming off of their ArenaCup X victory in the 2009 AF2 season, opened the 2010 season at home against the Iron on April 2.
Their final regular season game was on the road against the Sharks.Playoff scheduleAll times are EDTRosterRegular seasonWeek 1: vs. Milwaukee IronThe Shock were unable to keep up with the Iron and dropped their first game of the season.
Turnovers assisted their downfall, losing a fumble on their first possession, and giving up an interception that was returned for a touchdown on the final play of the 1st half.
RAF Westonzoyland is one of the country's oldest airfields being established in the early 1920s.
The airfield is located approximately  east-southeast of Bridgwater; about  west-southwest of London.It was opened in 1925 with summer camps lasting from May until September each year.
It was later used by the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces.
During the war it was used primarily as an army co-operation airfield but several squadrons were based there with a variety of aircraft, including Spitfires, Hurricanes and Mosquitos.
The Queen's Green Canopy (QGC) is an initiative that began in May 2021 in the United Kingdom in honour of the Platinum Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II in 2022.
Communities, charities, schools, scout groups, councils and landowners are invited to create a network of individual or specimen trees, tree avenues, copses and woodlands.
The initiative is expected to include both individuals planting trees in their gardens and the creation of avenues and copses.
Charles called it a 'tree-bilee' in a video message and also emphasised the importance of planting the right species in useful places.
The Llanos (Spanish Los Llanos, "The Plains"; ) is a vast tropical grassland plain situated to the east of the Andes in Colombia and Venezuela, in northwestern South America.
It is an ecoregion of the tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannas, and shrublands biome.GeographyThe Llanos occupy a lowland that extends mostly east and west.
The Llanos are bounded on the west and northwest by the Andes, and on the north by the Venezuelan Coastal Range.
The Guiana Highlands are to the southeast, and the Negro-Branco moist forests are to the southwest.
The Spectrum (later known as CoreStates Spectrum, First Union Spectrum and Wachovia Spectrum) was an indoor arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
The first event at the arena was the Quaker City Jazz Festival on September 30, 1967, produced by Larry Magid.
The first sporting event at the arena was an October 17, 1967 boxing match featuring Joe Frazier vs. Tony Doyle.
From 1967 through 1972, fifteen fight cards were held at the Spectrum.
Fantasy Couple) is a 2006 South Korean television series loosely based on the 1987 Hollywood film Overboard.
Starring Han Ye-seul and Oh Ji-ho, it aired on MBC from October 14 to December 3, 2006 on Saturdays and Sundays at 21:40 for 16 episodes.
The romantic comedy series was popular in the ratings, and received recognition at the MBC Drama Awards.PlotAnna Jo (Han Ye-seul) is a rude, spoiled, arrogant and impossible-to-please American-bred heiress.
She returns to Korea only to continue being a controlling wife to her already cowardly husband, Billy Park (Kim Sung-min).
Peacekeeper Park is an urban park in Calgary, Alberta.
The park is located in the neighbourhood of North Glenmore, on the former grounds of Canadian Forces Base Calgary.
"Mark R. Isfeld presenting small knitted dolls to Bosnian children" (2003) by André Gauthier (sculptor) was erected at Peacekeeper Park in Calgary.
The "Izzy" doll is named after peacekeeper Mark Isfeld, whose mother crocheted small dolls for him to give to local children while on patrols during his peacekeeping tour.
Bawtry is a market town and civil parish in South Yorkshire, England, within the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster local government area.
It lies between Doncaster, Gainsborough and Retford, on the border with Nottinghamshire and close to Lincolnshire.
The town was historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire.
Its population of 3,204 in the 2001 UK census increased to 3,573 in 2011, and was put at 3,519 in 2019.
Life in the Streets is the debut album by reggae recording artist Prince Ital Joe and the third album by rapper Marky Mark.
The album was released in 1994 for Ultraphonic Records and blended Prince Ital Joe's reggae with Marky Mark's hip hop.
Life in the Streets was not released in the United States, but it was a success in Germany, where most of the album was produced in the Eurodance style.
The album roughly follows the pattern of the hit single(s), which is Euro dance coupled with American rap know-how.
Educational inequality is the unequal distribution of academic resources, including but not limited to; school funding, qualified and experienced teachers, books, and technologies to socially excluded communities.
Individuals belonging to these marginalized groups are often denied access to schools with adequate resources.
Inequality leads to major differences in the educational success or efficiency of these individuals and ultimately suppresses social and economic mobility.
Inequality in education is broken down in different types: Regional inequality, inequality by sex, inequality by social stratification, inequality by parental income, inequality by parent occupation, and many more.
Milford Mill is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States.
Some areas of Milford Mill are as follows:Windsor MillWindsor Mill is an area near Woodlawn that is similar to Milford Mill.
Some of the main roads in the area include Windsor Mill Road, Windsor Boulevard, and Rolling Road.
Landmarks in this area include Windsor Mill Middle School and Rutherford Business Park.RockdaleRockdale is mostly near Liberty Road and Lord Baltimore Drive to Rolling Road coming off from I-695.
For the purpose of better understanding attitudinal targeting, it can be discussed using the 5 Ws and one H: who, what, when, where, why, and how.
Attitudinal research typically gather qualitative methods to better understand consumer's feelings and thoughts.
Researchers gather data in forms such as quotations and anecdotes to try to directly identify how to position themselves better to the consumers they wish to target (Travis, 2017).ProcessSpecific goals and objectives are created when conducting attitudinal research.
Attitudinal research is focused on obtaining a group of consumers' feelings, predispositions, and motivations.
On January 2, 1872, he entered the Heroic Military Academy, and on December 4 of 1875 was promoted to the rank of second lieutenant of artillery and two years later in 1877, artillery lieutenant.
For several years he participated in the Exploratory Geographical Commission, of which he was director from 1902 to 1912.
He also served as inspector of the staff of the first, second and third military zones.
For his outstanding performance in the Yaqui War on March 19, 1900, García Peña obtained the honorable mention and on April 16 of the same year, was awards the Decoration of 3rd.
Compared to its progenitor, Swedish grammar is much less characterized by inflection.
Modern Swedish has two genders and no longer conjugates verbs based on person or number.
Its nouns have lost the morphological distinction between nominative and accusative cases that denoted grammatical subject and object in Old Norse in favor of marking by word order.
Swedish uses some inflection with nouns, adjectives, and verbs.
Ammaveedus were the residences of the consorts of the Maharajahs of Travancore in Trivandrum.
The descendants of the Maharajahs were considered as members of these Ammaveedus, with a status subordinate only to royalty.
The chief four Ammaveedus are the Arumana, Vadasseri, Thiruvattar and Nagercoil Ammaveedus.OriginThe consorts of the Travancore kings were known generally as "Ammachis" and held the title of Panapillai Amma which meant royal consort.
As per the Marumakkathayam law of inheritance and succession in the Royal family of Travancore the Maharajahs were succeeded by their nephews from their sisters, the Maharanis.
Its founders were Henry Fitzalan Howard, the 15th Duke of Norfolk, then the most prominent Roman Catholic in England, and Baron Anatole von Hügel, the first Catholic to take a Cambridge degree since the Glorious Revolution of 1688.
In recognition of this Catholic connection, the College Visitor is the Archbishop of Westminster (at present Cardinal Vincent Nichols).The college is located on Mount Pleasant, northwest of the centre of Cambridge, beside Lucy Cavendish College, Murray Edwards College and Fitzwilliam College.
History FoundationSt Edmund's House was founded in 1896 by Henry Fitzalan Howard, the 15th Duke of Norfolk, and Baron Anatole von Hügel as an institution providing board and lodging for Roman Catholic students at the University of Cambridge.
After Catholic Emancipation, in particular after the Universities Tests Act 1871, students who were Roman Catholics were finally admitted as members of the university.
The W48 was an American nuclear artillery shell, capable of being fired from any standard  howitzer.
A tactical nuclear weapon, it was manufactured starting in 1963, and all units were retired in 1992.
It was known as the XM454 AFAP (artillery fired atomic projectile) in US service.The weapon was  long and weighed , and was produced in two versions; the Mod 0 and Mod 1.
The yield was thought to be  making it one of the smallest nuclear weapons ever developed by the US.HistoryThe history of the W48 began in April 1954 when the US Army expressed interest in a small low-yield nuclear projectile.
The Nieuwe Kerk (, New Church) is a 15th-century church in Amsterdam located on Dam Square, next to the Royal Palace.
Formerly a Dutch Reformed Church parish, it now belongs to the Protestant Church in the Netherlands.Current usesThe Nieuwe Kerk is no longer used for church services but is used as an exhibition space.
There is a café in one of the buildings attached to the church that has an entrance to the church (during opening hours).
It underwent major renovation in 1892–1914, which added many neo-Gothic details, and was again renovated in 1959–80.
The Premier A Slovenian Basketball League (), abbreviated as 1.
SKL and known as the Liga Nova KBM due to sponsorship reasons, is the top-level professional men's basketball league in Slovenia.
The league, operated by the Basketball Federation of Slovenia, consists of eleven clubs.
The most successful team is Olimpija with 17 titles.HistoryThe league was founded in 1991, shortly after Slovenia's independence from SFR Yugoslavia.
Captain Tania Shergill is the first Indian woman Parade Adjutant to lead an all-man contingent at an Army Day function in Indian Army, Republic Day (India) in 2020.Early life and educationShe is a graduate of Officers Training Academy (OTA) in Chennai.
She was commissioned into the Indian Army Corps of Signals in 2017.Family background Shergill belongs to an Indian Army family background where her father served the 101 Medium Regiment (Artillery) and later in CRPF where he won a PPMG.
Shergill's grandfather served in the 14th Armoured Regiment (Scinde Horse).
the pride of India .. Capt Tanya Shergill .. what a moment ..
Jean-Claude Zehnder (born 1941) is a Swiss organist in church and concert, harpsichordist, and musicologist.
In research and playing, he is focused on Baroque music, and has played and recorded at historic organs in Europe.
He led the department for organ at the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis from 1972 to 2006.
He was from 1966 church musician (organist and choral conductor) at the Protestant church in Frauenfeld, and taught organ and harpsichord at the Konservatorium Winterthur.
It is bound by Kaiser Franz Joseph Fjord in the southeast, and two branches of it, the Isfjord —beyond which lies Fraenkel Land— in the SW and the Geologfjord, beyond which lies Strindberg Land, in the east.
The Adolf Hoel Glacier flows in the north and the Nunatak Glacier in the northeast.A number of valleys cut across the peninsula; the most important are the Grejsdal in the middle, the Eremitdal further north and the Rendal in the west.MountainsAndrée Land is mountainous.
The highest point is  high Margaretatop, also known as Margarita Spids, located in the southern part.
The Lacroix Mountains (Lacroix Bjerge) are a mountain range at the SW end rising above the Isfjord.
An urban thermal plume describes rising air in the lower altitudes of the Earth's atmosphere caused by urban areas being warmer than surrounding areas.
Common on-shore breezes at the seaside on a warm day, and off-shore breezes at night are caused by the land heating up faster on a sunny day and cooling faster after sunset, respectively.
Thermals, or warm airs, that rise from the land and sea affect the local microscale meteorology; and perhaps at times the mesometeorology.
Urban thermal plumes have as powerful although less localized an effect.London is generally 3 to 9 Celsius hotter than the Home Counties.
The 13111/13112 Lal Quila Express was an Express train belonging to Indian Railways that runs between  and  in India.
It was pre-independence train which ran between two important cities i.e.
It operates as train number 13111 from Kolkata to Delhi Junction and as train number 13112 in the reverse direction.
It is named after the Red Fort which is located in Delhi.
"I Am Invincible" is a song written by Brett Boyett and Nash Overstreet, and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Cassadee Pope for her forthcoming second studio album.
It was released to digital retailers through Republic Nashville on July 24, 2015 as the album's intended lead single and impacted American country radio on September 8, 2015.
Ultimately the song did not appear on Pope’s second studio album.
The song also garnered significant fan attention, reaching number four on the Billboard Twitter Real-Time chart.Content"I Am Invincible" is an anthemic ballad written by Brett Boyett and Nash Overstreet with a duration of three minutes and thirty-two seconds.
The Castle Peak Power Station () is the largest coal-fired power station in Hong Kong.
It is situated in Tap Shek Kok, Tuen Mun District, on the north shore of Urmston Road.
The station consists of four 350 MW and four 677 MW generating units, with auxiliary facilities.It was commissioned in 1982 with its newest generation unit installed in 1990.
It is one of the three power stations that CLP operates in Hong Kong, totalling to 6,908 MW of installed capacity.In 2007, Castle Peak burned 9 million tonnes of coal of which, according to CLP, 4.6 million tonnes was low-sulphur coal from Indonesia.
The 1972–73 Ottawa Nationals season was the Nationals' only season, as they were one of the original teams in the newly created WHA.
The Nationals played most of the season in Ottawa, but transferred their playoff games to Toronto.
Due to low attendance in Ottawa, an arena lease dispute, and much better attendance in their two playoff games in Toronto, where they averaged over 5000 fans per game, the Nationals relocated to Toronto permanently beginning in the next season.
The club was renamed the Toronto Toros.OffseasonThe Nationals were originally owned by Doug Michel, with rumours he would place the team in either Hamilton or Toronto, however, and he placed the club in Ottawa.
Trenton Ashton Wiggan (born 20 September 1962) is a retired footballer who played primarily as a forward.
Turning professional, Wiggan began to play regularly during the 1980–81 season that saw the Blades relegated from Division Three.
Having started a few games in the early part of the following season, Wiggan soon lost his place and was eventually released in the summer of 1982.Wiggan joined non-league Gainsborough Trinity where he remained for a year before joining Scarborough in the summer of 1983.
playersEnglish Football League playersNational League (English football) playersPlace of birth missing (living people)
Rusudan () was a 12th-13th-century Georgian princess of the Bagrationi royal family.
She later married Hiyas ad-Din Sanjar Shah, a Seljuq sultan.
When her second husband died, she returned to Georgia and ruled over it as a regent in the first years of Queen Tamar’s reign.
She was also a tutor and patron of the Alan prince Soslan-David whom Tamar married as her second husband in 1189.
Perumbadappu is a village located in Ponnani taluk, Malappuram district, Kerala state, India.
It is situated 15 kilometers south of Ponnani, bordering Thrissur district.
Perumbadappu is also headquarters of one of the 15 Block Panchayats in the district and a police station.
Perumbadappu is located south of Veliyankode, in the middle of Malabar Coast.Chitrakoodam in Vanneri, Perumbadappu, was the original homeland of the Cochin rulers.
A disc harrow is a harrow whose cutting edges are a row of concave metal discs, which may be scalloped, set at an oblique angle.
It is an agricultural implement that is used to till the soil where crops are to be planted.
When viewed from above, the four sections would appear to form an "X" which has been flattened to be wider than it is tall.
The discs are also offset so that they are not parallel with the overall direction of the implement.
Bulgaria Air () is the flag carrier airline of Bulgaria, with its headquarters at Sofia Airport in Sofia.
The company is owned by Chimimport AD and is a leader in terms of local market share.
The airline operates short and medium haul aircraft to destinations in Europe, the Middle East, and Russia.
In 2018 the company carried a total of 1.267 million passengers on 5,995 flights.HistoryThe airline was established in 2002 as a successor to the insolvent Balkan Bulgarian Airlines and commenced operations on 4 December that year.
The "Vocal Concerts" were subscription concerts in London, given from 1792 to 1794 and from 1801 to 1821.
Leading singers of the day performed at the concerts.HistoryEstablishmentThe Vocal Concerts were established by Charles Knyvett and Samuel Harrison; they were singers who had both performed at the Concerts of Antient Music.
The first concert was given on 11 February 1792 at Willis's Rooms.They were well received and became fashionable; a second series, as well attended as the first, took place during the same season.
Mr and Mrs Harrison, and Mr Bartleman were the solo singers, and the rest of the entertainment consisted of glees and a few catches sung by the most celebrated English vocalists of the day.... Mr Knyvett presided at the pianoforte.
Lieutenant James John Scaramanga (25 July 1898 – 10 July 1918) was a First World War British ace credited with twelve aerial victories.
He scored his last victory after he had already received the wound which would soon prove fatal.
The observer ace hailed from a wealthy Greek family with a connection to James Bond series author Ian Fleming.Background James John Scaramanga, son of John George Scaramanga and his wife Louisa Yeames Scaramanga, was born on 25 July 1898 in Reigate, Surrey.
Some sources give an alternate place of birth, Redhill, Surrey.
He was present in Missolonghi on 4 November 1821 during the formation of the Senate of Western Continental Greece, as a "commissioner of Captains from Souli".
He acted as deputy of the Souliotes in the First National Assembly at Epidaurus, by Markos Botsaris' suggestion, and he then became part of the Legislature.
He was killed outside of Missolonghi, on 28 February 1826, while attacking a Turkish rampant.
His dead body was taken from the Ottomans by men of his group, who transferred it to Missolonghi and buried it, the next day, in an individual grave with general honours.
Pembroke railway station serves the town of Pembroke, Pembrokeshire, Wales.HistoryOn 30 July 1863, Pembroke railway station was opened by the Pembroke and Tenby Railway as the temporary terminus of the line to Tenby.
The station originally consisted of small wooden buildings, with a short 150-foot platform.
The following year, the line was extended to Pembroke Dock railway station.A permanent station building was constructed later, built from dressed limestone with a slate roof and three ornamental chimneys.
The building contained five rooms; the Station Master's office, a parcels office, a booking office, a general waiting room and a ladies waiting room.
The Cream of Barley Mill is a historic mill in the town of Bowmanville, Municipality of Clarington, Ontario, Canada.Scottish immigrant John MacKay created a new hot cereal product called "cream of barley".
In 1884 he bought the preexisting Caledonia Mill, situated on the banks of Soper Creek on the outskirts of the town of Bowmanville, to manufacture his product.
The mill was originally built in 1805 by Leonard Soper as a grist mill, and was owned and operated by several others before being bought by McKay.
In about 1922 a petting zoo was added to the park.
Fred Bruno Roti (December 18, 1920 – September 20, 1999) was an American Democratic politician from Chicago, Illinois.
He was a state senator for six years, and an alderman for 24 years.
He was a loyal member of the "Machine" established by Mayor Richard J. Daley, and widely believed to be an associate of the Mafia.
In 1993, he was convicted in Federal court of 11 criminal counts, and was sent to prison.Background Roti was born in an apartment in Chinatown.
He was educated at a private school in London from 1716 until possibly 1721.
He was in the Netherlands in Utrecht and Franeker between 1721 and probably 1725.
He attended the University of Edinburgh and became an advocate in 1729.
He entered Inner Temple and was called to the bar in 1731.
)Despite any reactions, Greece allowed the NATO forces pass to the North.
On 10th June 1999, Greece provided facilities to ease the advance of forces in the context of the so called “JOINT Guardian” Plan.
A recognized achievement was the discovery of an ammunition depot in which a great number of arms and ammunition were hidden.
Greek perceptions of the crisis were also affected by fears of expansionist attempts by Turkey to forge an Islamic branch in the Balkans.
The Mississippi River Basin Model Waterways Experiment Station, located near Clinton, Mississippi, was a large-scale hydraulic model of the entire Mississippi River basin, covering an area of 200 acres.
The model was built from 1943 to 1966 and in operation from 1949 until 1973.
By comparison, the better known San Francisco Bay Model covers 1.5 acres and the Chesapeake Bay Model covers 8 acres.
From 1928 onwards, the Army Corps of Engineers built a huge number of locks, run-off channels and extended and raised existing levees.
Sylvester IV, born Maginulf, was a claimant to the Papacy from 1105 to 1111 in opposition to Paschal II.
A priest before his election, he was probably a native of Rome.
He had the backing of the Roman militia and initially of the Holy Roman Emperor, Henry IV, who later forced him to abdicate.
Today he is regarded as an antipope.ElectionBefore his election as pope, Maginulf was the archpriest of Sant'Angelo in Pescheria, which suggests that he was a native of Rome.
Children of Pleasure  is a 1930 American Pre-Code MGM musical comedy film directed by Harry Beaumont, originally released with Technicolor sequences.
It was adapted from Crane Wilbur's 1929 play, The Song Writer.PlotDanny, an acclaimed singer and songwriter, falls in love with a socialite girl who he then overhears admitting that she is stringing him along just in time to avoid marriage.
Mackay's millionaire father cut her off and did not speak to her for years because, after a long courtship, she married Berlin, who was Jewish.
(Unlike the fickle debutante in the film, Mackay stayed with Berlin, and their marriage lasted over sixty years.
Emma Meesseman (born May 13, 1993) is a Belgian professional basketball player for UMMC Ekaterinburg of the Russian Premier League and the Chicago Sky of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
After playing basketball in Belgium, Meesseman was drafted by the Washington Mystics with the 19th overall pick in the second round of the 2013 WNBA draft.
She has also played for the Belgian international team and several European professional teams.
She was named the 2011 FIBA Europe Young Women's Player of the Year and the 2019 WNBA Finals MVP.Professional careerEuropeMeesseman's club career began at the age of 16.
Florence Spearing Randolph (August 6 or August 9, 1866 – December 28, 1951) was an American clubwoman, suffragist, and ordained minister, pastor of the Wallace Chapel AME Zion Church in Summit, Union County, New Jersey, United States.
She organized the New Jersey Federation of Colored Women's Clubs and was president of the New Jersey Women's Foreign Missionary Society.Early lifeFlorence Spearing was born in Charleston, South Carolina, the daughter of John Spearing and Anna Smith Spearing.
Spearing trained as a dressmaker and moved north to New Jersey, where she lived with her sister Lena for work.
Later in life, she became the first African-American woman to enroll at Drew University.
Justice Akil Abdulhamid Kureshi (born 7 March 1960) is an Indian judge.
Presently, he is Chief Justice of Rajasthan High Court.
He is former Chief Justice of Tripura High Court and Judge of Bombay High Court and Gujarat High Court, of which he has also served as an Acting Chief Justice.Career Justice Kureshi passed B.Sc.
He joined the Bar and started his legal practice in the Gujarat High Court from July 1983.
CPAmerica, Inc. is one of the largest associations of independent CPA firms in the United States.
It includes more than 74 firms with almost 170 offices in 40 states.
The total staff is more than 3,900 employees, which includes more than 690 partners.
Member firms vary in size from $2 million to $50 million in firm revenues, averaging  $9.8 million.
David Crawford (born 30 June 1985 in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Queen's Park.CareerCrawford began his career with Queen's Park.
He moved to Dumbarton for the 2007–08 season, but returned to Queen's Park at the end of the season.
Across two spells with The Spiders Crawford made 132 appearances in all competitions.Following Queen's Park's relegation to the Third Division, Crawford signed for Alloa Athletic on 4 June 2009.
On 4 June 2010, after Alloa had missed out on promotion, Crawford signed for fellow Second Division club Ayr United.
Shiekh Ubaidullah (born c. 663 AD) was a Muslim Arab saint from Medina.
He started his act of preaching from Amini and was able to convert the Pondambelli family despite the initial linguistic challenges.
After facing opposition there he left Amini with some of his new Muslim fellows and moved to Andrott where he got significantly high conversions.
He then went to Kavaratti and Agatti, preaching there and then came back to Amini.
The sum of public power () is a legal term from Argentina, included in its constitution.
It represents the sum of the three powers, and deems the complete delegation of them into the executive power as a crime of high treason.The term was created in 1835, when governor Juan Manuel de Rosas was granted such powers by the legislature of Buenos Aires.
A law from August 3, 1821, allowed the legislature to grant those powers.
Those powers were fully delegated on him, with the sole exceptions of keeping, defending and protecting the Roman Catholic Church, and keeping and defending the cause of the Confederation.
The steam locomotives of Oldenburg Class B of the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways were built in the early 1900s for working the metre gauge network on the German island of Wangerooge.Initially one example was ordered in 1904 from Freudenstein & Co. in Berlin.
This tank engine weighed only 9.4 t when empty and could carry 1.2 m³ of water and 0.35 tonnes of coal.
It had a well tank and the coal bunkers were on the left and right hand side of the boiler.
The engine drove the second axle and the locomotive had the number 3.In 1910 a somewhat heavier and larger locomotive was ordered from Hanomag.
Michelle Emma Dickinson , also known as Nanogirl, is a nanotechnologist and science educator based in New Zealand.Early life and educationDickinson grew up in Hong Kong, the USA, and the United Kingdom.
She had a grandmother from Malta, a grandfather who was English, and a Hong Kong Chinese mother.
She displayed skills in computer coding by the time she was eight years old.
On the advice of a speaking coach, she invented the alter-ego "Nanogirl" as a way to overcome her nerves.
Ghulam Nabi Ratanpuri is a politician in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India.Early life He was born on 5 April 1954 in Ratnipora of Pulwama District, Jammu and Kashmir.
He received his early schooling from a local school and then graduated from the University of Kashmir in the year 1976.
After graduation Ratanpuri joined the Urdu Newspaper Daily Aftaab as Assistant Editor and continued to work with the paper till 1979.
In year 1979 at a young age he was appointed as the editor of the Nawa-e-Subh which was published by the then ruling party Jammu & Kashmir National Conference.
White Mills is a village and census-designated place in Texas Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania.
At the time, the area between Honesdale and Hawley, Pennsylvania, was sparsely settled, though it is likely that several farms and dwellings dotted the surrounding vicinity.
The new mill, built for a Daniel Parry (sometimes spelled Perry) & Company of Philadelphia, and its ancillary buildings were all painted white, which led to the village being called "White Mills.
The CDP's population density was 444 people per square mile (172/km2), and there were 325 housing units at an average density of 214/sq mi (82.8/km2).
He attended a Military Academy for both primary and secondary education and later attended the esteemed École Militaire in Paris, France for officer training.
He joined the Ravna Gora Movement, a resistance cell led by Dragoljub "Draža" Mihailović, serving as a communications officer.In May 1941, Todorović delivered an invitation to Dragomir Jovanović to join the Chetniks.
Jovanović turned down the offer, and was later convicted of collaborating with German official and executed.Žarko relayed information between the Chetnik movement with British Intelligence and Yugoslav government-in-exile.
He sent a report regarding the organized resistance on Ravna Gora against the German occupation.
LaVern Ralph "Lavvie" Dilweg (November 1, 1903 – January 2, 1968) was a professional football player, attorney, and U.S.
Congressman from Wisconsin.FootballBorn and raised in Milwaukee, Dilweg attended its public schools and graduated from Washington High School.
He enrolled at Marquette University in Milwaukee and played college football for the Golden Avalanche under head coach Frank Murray.
A three-sport college athlete, he played center on the basketball team and was a shot putter on the track team.
The Wolf Among Us is an episodic graphic mystery-drama adventure game developed by Telltale Games, based on Bill Willingham's Fables comic book series, to which it serves as a prequel.
The game consists of five episodes that were released throughout 2013 and 2014.
Retail versions for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Xbox 360, and Xbox One consoles were made available in November 2014.
In July 2017, Telltale announced that a second season of The Wolf Among Us was scheduled for release in 2018.
Bhim Janmabhoomi (literally, "Bhim's birthplace") is a memorial dedicated to Bhimrao Ambedkar, located at Mhow (now Dr. Ambedkar Nagar) in Madhya Pradesh, India.
This was birthplace of Ambedkar, who was born on 14 April 1891 in Mhow.
This memorial was inaugurated on Ambedkar's 100th birth anniversary – 14 April 1991 by the then Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh, Sunder Lal Patwa.
The architecture of the memorial was composed by architect E.D.
He joined the Fleischer Studio in 1923 where he developed the Koko the Clown character.
Later he moved to Hollywood and worked as an animator and director for the Charles Mintz studio.
He subsequently moved to the Disney Studio, where he remained for the duration of his career, except for a three-year hiatus from 1948–51 when he pioneered animated TV commercials and created with Paul Murry The Adventures of Buck O'Rue comic strip.
Some of Huemer's most creative work was done in partnership with Joe Grant; examples include Fantasia (story director), Dumbo (screenplay), and several propaganda films to advance the U.S. war effort during World War II.
The Confederate Civil Service was the civil service of the Confederate States of America.HistoryThe Civil Service was created by the Provisional Government meeting on February 4, 1861, copying the same basic pattern as the United States federal government that it just seceded from.
The decision to expand slavery into western territories led to a "total war" setting for the Confederates, with all resources dedicated towards forcing slavery upon Kansas and westward.
This included conscription, radical taxation and the seizure of goods, and as such the Treasury and War departments were heavily expanded during the War to cope with the work.
Of the 70,000-odd employees of the Confederate Civil Service over the course of the war, 57,124 worked for the Department of War.
Leo Strauss (, ; September 20, 1899 – October 18, 1973) was a German-American political philosopher and classicist who specialized in classical political philosophy.
Born in Germany to Jewish parents, Strauss later emigrated from Germany to the United States.
According to Allan Bloom's 1974 obituary in Political Theory, Strauss "was raised as an Orthodox Jew", but the family does not appear to have completely embraced Orthodox practice.
Strauss himself noted that he came from a "conservative, even orthodox Jewish home", but one which knew little about Judaism except strict adherence to ceremonial laws.
George Irvin Bamberger (August 1, 1923 – April 4, 2004) was an American professional baseball player, pitching coach and manager.
In Major League Baseball, the right-handed pitcher appeared in ten games, nine in relief, for the 1951–52 New York Giants and the 1959 Baltimore Orioles.
He later spent ten seasons (1968–77) as the Orioles' pitching coach and managed the Milwaukee Brewers (1978–80; 1985–86) and New York Mets (1982–83).
During his playing career, he threw and batted right-handed, stood  tall and weighed .Playing careerBamberger was born and raised in Staten Island, New York City, New York.
Sir Geoffrey Langdon Keynes ( ; 25 March 1887, Cambridge – 5 July 1982, Cambridge) was a British surgeon and author.
He began his career as a physician in World War I, before becoming a doctor at St Bartholomew's Hospital in London, where he made notable innovations in the fields of blood transfusion and breast cancer surgery.
Keynes was also a publishing scholar and bibliographer of English literature and English medical history, focusing primarily on William Blake and William Harvey.Early life and education Geoffrey Keynes was born on 25 March 1887 in Cambridge, England.
His father was John Neville Keynes, an economics lecturer at the University of Cambridge and his mother was Florence Ada Brown, a successful author and a social reformer.
The conductance of a QPC is quantized in units of , the so-called conductance quantum.Quantum point contacts were first reported in 1988 by a Dutch team from Delft University of Technology and Philips Research and, independently, by a British team from the Cavendish Laboratory.
The zero-field conductance quantisation and the smooth transition to the quantum Hall effect on applying a magnetic field are essentially consequences of the equipartition of current among an integer number of propagating modes in the constriction.Fabrication There are several different ways of fabricating a quantum point contact.
It can be realized in a break-junction by pulling apart a piece of conductor until it breaks.
In a more controlled way, quantum point contacts are formed in a two-dimensional electron gas (2DEG), e.g.
The Thörlerbahn was a  gauge narrow-gauge railway, operated by the  between Kapfenberg and - in Austria.
It connected the region around Aflenz in the Obersteiermark with the southern main line at Kapfenberg.History The railway was originally planned as a section of a projected railway connection from the  to Mariazell, and was opened 1893.
The line brought an economic upswing to the region because of the availability of goods traffic, and the iron industry particularly profited from the introduction of rail transport.
However goods traffic from the iron industry in Thörl continued to develop positively.
EventsPre-1600404 BC – Admiral Lysander and King Pausanias of Sparta blockade Athens and bring the Peloponnesian War to a successful conclusion.
775 – The Battle of Bagrevand puts an end to an Armenian rebellion against the Abbasid Caliphate.
Muslim control over the South Caucasus is solidified and its Islamization begins, while several major Armenian nakharar families lose power and their remnants flee to the Byzantine Empire.
1945   – Liberation Day (Italy): The National Liberation Committee for Northern Italy calls for a general uprising against the German occupation and the Italian Social Republic.
Luke Jackson (born 29 September 2001) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Melbourne Demons in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He was recruited by the Melbourne Demons with the 3rd draft pick in the 2019 AFL draft.Early basketballIn 2018, Jackson represented Australia at the Under-17 FIBA Basketball World Cup in Argentina and won gold at the Under-16 FIBA Asia Championship in China.
He was named in the all-tournament team for the U16 Asian Championship.
He also played for the East Fremantle Sharks for the 2019 season in the colts division.AFL careerJackson debuted in the Demons' one-point win over the Carlton Blues in the second round of the 2020 AFL season.
The 2018 Minnesota Golden Gophers football team represented the University of Minnesota in the 2018 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The Golden Gophers played their home games at TCF Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota and competed in the West Division of the Big Ten Conference.
They were led by second-year head coach P. J. Fleck.Minnesota began the year by sweeping its non-conference slate against New Mexico State, Fresno State, and Miami (OH); but opened Big Ten Conference play with four straight losses.
The team secured wins against Indiana and Purdue, and then secured bowl eligibility by defeating rival Wisconsin for the first time since 2003, and the first time on the road since 1994.
Bellarmino Bagatti (November 11, 1905 – October 7, 1990) was a 20th-century Italian archaeologist and Catholic priest of the Franciscan Order.LifeCamillo Bellarmino Bagatti was born in 1905 in the province of Pisa.
At the age of 17 he made his solemn profession in the Order of Friars Minor in the Province of San Francesco on Monte della Verna in Tuscany.
Over the course of the next two years a Canaanite tomb from the Late Bronze Age, as well as a necropolis used from 136 BC to AD 300 were discovered.
A Byzantine monastery from the 5th century was also discovered.
Ripheus (also Rhipeus, Rifeo and Rupheo) was a Trojan hero and the name of a figure from the Aeneid of Virgil.
A comrade of Aeneas, he was a Trojan who was killed defending his city against the Greeks.
"Ripheus also fell," Virgil writes, "uniquely the most just of all the Trojans, the most faithful preserver of equity; but the gods decided otherwise" (Virgil, Aeneid II, 426–8).
In it, Ripheo is mentioned as being unable to prevent Antenor from being taken prisoner.
Mykola Stepanovych Barsamov (5 December 1892, Tbilisi - 10 March 1976, Feodosia) was a Ukrainian Soviet artist and researcher of I.K.
Aivazovsky's work.Biography In 1913, he graduated from the Rostov School of Drawing.
He studied in the private studio of II Mashkov in Moscow.
He made a disproportionate contribution to increasing the funds of the art gallery, because the artist I.K.
Filling spaces in between the pillows in the pillow lava units are dispersed metal oxide sediments that can also be seen as veins filling cooling fractures within the lavas.
The metal oxides are ferruginous with ferromanganese oxides, clays, carbonates, volcanic glass and pelagic sediments.Above the pillow lava units lies a layer of ferromaganiferous mudstones and clastic volcanics (the epiclastics).
The epiclastites are massive altered lava fragments in a mud matrix, usually ferromanganiferous.
Between the epiclastics and muds lie background accumulations of pelagic sediment.To the south there is the Mathiati-Margi massive sulfide ore body and stockwork mineralisation.
Rock (known in some series as Rokuro Makube a.k.a.
Rock Macbeth or ) is a recurrent major character in most of Osamu Tezuka's manga series, and he is an important part of Osamu Tezuka's Star System.
His appearance stays relatively the same, with hair that retains its style across works, but that often changes colour.
He first appeared in the manga The Moony Man and later in the series Detective Boy Rock Holmes, as a child detective.
Chris Rodrigues (born June 7, 1989) is an American Contemporary Christian music singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist.
He was raised in the Asheville, North Carolina area and graduated from North Buncombe High School.
He started doing odd jobs, including cleaning, with his mother at a very young age to help her pay the bills.
He was given his first guitar as a toddler and learned to play at a very early age.
The Prix du Meilleur Livre Étranger (Best Foreign Book Prize) is a French literary prize created in 1948.
B. Yehoshua, for The Retrospective as Rétrospective 2011: Alessandro Piperno, for Persecuzione.
Livre d'heures de ma mère (Fayard)2012: David Van Reybrouck, for Congo.
Une histoire (Actes Sud)2011: Marina Tsvetaeva, for Récits et essais (tome 2) (Seuil)2010: Antonia Fraser, for Vous partez déjà ?
Maya Rao (2 May 1928 – 1 September 2014) was an Indian classical dancer, choreographer and educator, in Kathak dance.
She was also the founder director of her dance company, "Natya and Stem Dance Kampni", an amalgam of NIKC and the STEM Dance Kampni ( founded by her daughter Madhu Nataraj) based in Bangalore.
At an early age she learnt Hindustani classical music – vocal and instrumental dilruba from Rama Rao, being from an orthodox family where girls didn't learn dance, considered a taboo.
However this changed when at age 12, after she and her architect father watched dancer Uday Shankar's troupe perform at BRV Talkies auditorium in Bangalore.
The Michigan State Law Review is a law review published by students at Michigan State University College of Law.
It is the flagship journal of the school and it publishes five issues per year.
According to the Washington & Lee Law Journal Ranking, Michigan State Law Review was the 48th highest-ranked flagship legal journal in 2020, a dramatic increase from its ranking of 332rd in 2003.
The journal hosts an annual academic conference of global legal experts with past events covering issues such as autonomous vehicles, quantitative legal analysis, civil rights, and intellectual property.
Hermógenes Irisarri Trucíos (April 19, 1819 – July 22, 1886), was a Chilean poet, journalist, diplomat and political figure.He was born in Santiago, the son of Antonio José de Irisarri Alonso and of Mercedes Trucíos y Larraín.
He was one of the stalwarts of the literary movement of 1842.
The following year he began contributing to The Journal of Santiago, frequently publishing poems in it.
He was the director of the biographical work "Galeria de hombres celebres de Chile."
A sulfone is a chemical compound containing a sulfonyl functional group attached to two carbon atoms.
For example, dimethyl sulfide oxidizes to dimethyl sulfoxide and then to dimethyl sulfone.From SO2Sulfur dioxide is a convenient and widely used source of the sulfonyl functional group.
Lewis acid catalysts such as AlCl3 and FeCl3 are required.Sulfones have been prepared by nucleophilic displacement of halides by sulfinates:  ArSO2Na  +  Ar'Cl  →  Ar(Ar')SO2  +  NaClReactionsSulfone is a relatively inert functional group, being weakly basic (compared to sulfoxides).
In the Ramberg–Bäcklund reaction and the Julia olefination, sulfones are converted to alkenes by the elimination of sulfur dioxide.ApplicationsSulfolane is used to extract valuable aromatic compounds from petroleum.PolymersSome polymers containing sulfone groups are useful engineering plastics.
The film interviews many individuals directly affected by fracking, most of whom support the process.InspirationFrackNation was inspired when documentary filmmaker Phelim McAleer asked Josh Fox, the director of the 2010 documentary Gasland, some questions at an event in Chicago.
While Fox was promoting his film project McAleer confronted him about the historical records of people being able to ignite methane in water at "burning springs" long before fracking started.
McAleer told the Los Angeles Times that Fox did not include that information in his film because he did not think it was relevant towards the current drilling impacts of certain areas.
The people interviewed in Fox's film claimed that the contamination was caused by the drilling.After a video of the questioning was made public on various websites, Fox and his lawyers got the video removed from YouTube and Vimeo.
Ted Shawn (born Edwin Myers Shawn; 21 October 1891 – 9 January 1972) was one of the first notable male pioneers of American modern dance.
Along with creating the Denishawn School with former wife Ruth St. Denis he was also responsible for the creation of the well-known all-male company Ted Shawn and His Men Dancers.
With his innovative ideas of masculine movement, he was one of the most influential choreographers and dancers of his day.
He was also the founder and creator of Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival in Massachusetts, and "was knighted by the King of Denmark for his efforts on behalf of the Royal Danish Ballet.
DeVante' Jones (born April 9, 1998) is an American college basketball player for the Michigan Wolverines of the Big Ten Conference.
He previously played for the Coastal Carolina Chanticleers.High school careerJones attended Tyner Academy in Chattanooga, Tennessee and led his team to the Region 3-AA championship in 2014.
As a sophomore, he averaged 16 points, 4 rebounds and 5.9 assists per game.
For his last two years of high school, he transferred to St. Augustine High School in New Orleans, where he helped his team achieve a combined 52–9 record.
The band was established as a solo project in 1997 by Andy LaPlegua who was joined by former Sector 9 (now Moonitor and Zombie Girl) bandmate Sebastian Komor to perform live.
With the release of Shallow Nation, the band's first single, Komor joined full-time.
Later that year the band's first full-length album, Serenity is the Devil, was released, which climbed to number one on the Deutsche Alternative Charts.
Shortly thereafter, Lund became a full-time band member.HistoryFormationIn 1997 Andy LaPlegua established the project, Icon of Coil, which was primarily a concept built around a logo, graphic design and music.
Brock D. Dykxhoorn (born July 2, 1994) is a Canadian professional baseball pitcher for the Uni-President Lions of the Chinese Professional Baseball League (CPBL).
In 2015, he played for the Quad Cities River Bandits, posting an 8–5 record and 3.88 ERA.
He was promoted to the Lancaster JetHawks for the 2016 season where he went 10–4 with a 5.02 ERA in a career high 123.2 innings pitched.
He spent the 2017 season with the Corpus Christi Hooks, going 3–5 with a 4.62 ERA in 25 games pitched.
In North American auto racing, a green–white–checker finish (GWC) is one in which the race is restarted from a caution period with 2 laps remaining.
When the race distance is extended to accommodate such a finish, it is also sometimes known as an overtime finish.
The name alludes to three racing flags: green flag: shown to start or restart the race.
white flag: shown at the start of the last lap checkered flag: shown at the finish of the raceThe prescribed number of final laps is usually two.
Hamburg is a town in Vernon County, Wisconsin, United States.
The population density was 23.7 people per square mile (9.1/km2).
There were 325 housing units at an average density of 9.1 per square mile (3.5/km2).
The racial makeup of the town was 99.88% White, and 0.12% from two or more races.
This agency provides services for students and educators such as Development and Service Training, National Certification for Teachers, and a Reference Center for Vocational Education.
The national agency for education prepares not only the knowledge requirements for schools, but also regulations, general recommendations and national tests.
This agency is responsible for official statistics in the area of education.
The Agency manages the participation in international educational.Levels of Education Provided The levels of education provided in Sweden is Pre-School, Grade schools, and higher education.
