YMCA in South Australia
South Australia (SA)  has a unique position in Australia's history as, unlike the other states which were founded as colonies, South Australia began as a self governing province Many were attracted to this and Adelaide and SA developed as an independent and free thinking state.
The compound of philosophical radicalism, evangelical religion and self reliant ability typical of its founders had given an equalitarian flavour to South Australian thinking from the beginning.
It was into this social setting that in February 1850 a meeting was called primarily for the formation of an Association (apparently meaning a Y.M.C.A.)
for apprentices and others, after their day's work, to enjoy books, lectures, discussions, readings, friendly relief and recreation for a leisure hour.
In September 1850 records show that this became “The Young Men's Christian Association of South Australia" as evidenced by a member's letter in London Y.M.C.A.
Report 1851.
There was no census in 1850 but the 1851 census put the total population of South Australia at 63,700 with males numbering 35,302.
The discovery of Gold in Ballarat caused a large migration from South Australia and by 1852 some 8000 had left for the Goldfields.
As a consequence the various YMCA groups that had become established failed and by 1870 none remained.
"The next available authentic record of an Association in South Australia does not appear until some members of London Y.M.C.A.
coming to Adelaide, joined with ex members of the defunct original Adelaide Branch, and also members of the Brompton Association.
A meeting of promoters was also held at Presbyterian Church.
They became associated in the Exchange Room of the Adelaide Town Hall on November 28th, 1878 at a public meeting for the promotion of a revival of the Y.M.C.A.
in Adelaide.
Sir John Colton (a member of the Adelaide Association in 1853 and a founder of Prince Alfred College) had been asked to preside, but was absent through illness and the chair was occupied by Mr. Richard Searle ( a managing partner of D & W Murray and Co ) who became the first President of the Association.
A committee was formed to draft a constitution, later drawn up and signed by 585 Adelaide young men."
Since that time the YMCA has operated continuously, been part of the fabric of the state and  served the community of South Australia
Leading the YMCA was regarded as a calling and attracted men of compassion and social conscience.
Not known as chief executive officers until the 1990s, they were known as General Secretaries.
With the YMCA of Adelaide one of the very early organisations for social good it attracted some of the state's leading influential figures to its board and men of high calibre as General Secretary.
The history of the organisation in South Australia is very much tied to the leadership by both General Secretaries (CEOs) and the presidents along with the boards who backed them.
1879 - H.H.
Birt.
appointed by the board on a part-time basis.
Birt oversaw activities in the temporary premises, Salisbury Chambers in king William Street and to manage the alteration of the newly leased premises in Gawler Place which opened 27 August 1879.
1880 -1886 Alex A Walker.
Walker was secretary of the Flinders Street Presbyterian Men's Society which merged into the YMCA with him continuing as General Secretary.
In 1886 the annual report of the YMCA indicated a lack of funds and Walker confessed to having appropriated £1288/16/7.
In court and before Chief Justice Sir Samuel Way, Walker revealed the money had gone on assisting impecunious young men.
Walker was regarded as a very hard working Secretary who said he did not have a night off in any month and the board believed he did not have fraudulent intent but compassion rather than criminality.
He was sent to jail for 4 years hard labour.
1886 - 1900 John James Virgo.
The 'new' YMCA building in Gawler Place was opened in 1884 and in 1886 the Glenelg born Virgo was appointed General Secretary following the conviction of the previous General Secretary for embezzling funds.
In 1888 the YMCA began Our Boys Institute for work among boys 13 to 18 years of age.
For young men, activities included Bible classes, sporting teams, lectures, debating and choral societies, a gymnasium, camps and an employment and immigration department.
Virgo was prominent in Adelaide's religious life and conducted evangelistic services on Sunday evenings at the Theatre Royal in Hindley Street.1900 Virgo became secretary of the Australasian Union of Y.M.C.A.s and 1903 was appointed secretary of the Y.M.C.A., Sydney then General Secretary of the London Central Y.M.C.A.
in 1911.
Virgo wrote his memoirs in 1939.
He died in 1956.
1905 - 1916 H.A Wheeler.
Wheeler was a capable administrator who adapted the programmes and emphasis to the times.
Much of the evangelical work was dropped to focus on the work with young men.
In 1908 Wheeler left for two years to work with the YMCA in America.
This forged a link with North American YMCA's and more modern methods of physical development and a rapid development of membership.
An employment department was formed in 1912 fulfilling an important social welfare role especially for young male migrants.
At the outbreak of WW1 Wheeler took the initiative in promoting a nation-wide War Services Y.M.C.A.
organisation and later was placed in charge of all Australian War Services in the European Zone.
WW1 saw the Adelaide YMCA support YMCA staff overseas as evidenced by a letter to Wheeler from Menza camp Egypt by Col S Price Weir OC 10th battalion.
by1916 The army Department was the largest work done by the Adelaide YMCA with operations at Mitcham, Cheltenham, Balaklava, Murray Bridge, Torrens Island, Gawler.
The YMCA provided comfort, counselling and recreation to the troops.
YMCA war services were funded by public donation and during this time in South Australia ₤199,185 was raised.
1908 -1910 - H.S.
Stafford acting General Secretary.
Stafford, an American from Dayton Ohio was working at the Bendigo YMCA and took the acting role while Wheeler spent 2 years working for the YMCA in the United States His work transformed the organisation as recognised in a speech by the then President Henry J Holden who said of him.
".. it was not an association of Christian young men but a Christian association for all young men"
1916 -1920 The title of General Secretary was discontinued this period as post war the organisation needed to adjust having been dominated by the military units.
Two officers controlled the organisation.
M.U.
Maddern was secretary to the Army Department and R Taylor became Secretary of the General Department.
This gave lack of continuity at the top at a time when the planning for transition to peace time was so important.
1920 Jack Tolston Massey.
Jack Massey began his YMCA career as a field secretary attached to the Australian Imperial Forces A Christian (Anglican) and a pacifist he served in England France and Belgium assisting soldiers awaiting repatriation.
He was appointed as General Secretary of the Adelaide YMCA in 1920 and went on to build and expand the organisation as well as develop programmes and advocate for young people with accomplishments including establishing a court for juvenile offenders and guiding amateur football in SA.
He also provided support for British Boys brought out to help in agriculture.
He attended the 100 years of Adelaide YMCA in 1978 not long before his death in 1981 and was acclaimed as one of the great men of the organisation and the community for his life of service.
1939 - 1960 Alf Gibbs .
During WW1 Alf Gibbs served as YMCA War Services Department Chief Commissioner overseeing YMCA staff in almost all military camps and some 62 representative overseas to assist the troops.
Gibbs was appointed General Secretary Adelaide YMCA after some negotiations with the Adelaide YMCA Board while Alf was in India.
He oversaw the expansion of the YMCA and the sale of the Gawler Place building.
In 1956 he negotiated the purchase of the Presbyterian Church in Flinders Street which was demolished the following year and a new modern YMCA youth complex and residential facility was constructed.
Gibbs led the fundraising that enabled the construction of YMCA youth facilities at Walkerville, Kilburn, Elizabeth and Glenelg.
In 1945 "Loftia Park," a large block of land in the lovely Mount Lofty Ranges, was purchased with swimming pool, tennis courts, sports grounds and other facilities partly completed.
1960s
Graeme Irvine.
Irvine was an evangelical Christian and developed in the Adelaide YMCA a group of similar thinking leaders.
Ultimately this became exclusive and counterproductive.
He went on to build up World Vision Australia and then to New York where he grew the organisation into a large multinational NGO.
Irvine was in 1978 among the signers of the "Declaration of Internationalization", which declared a set of objectives for World Vision in its operations throughout the world.
In 1988, Irvine became the first non-American president of World Vision International.
Jim Daly.
came from Woodside army camp where he was a YMCA army officer.
After his Army service he joined the Adelaide Y as Extension Secretary under Irvine having responsibility for developing boards, programmes and ensuring the viability of Walkerville, Northern Districts (Kilburn), West Croydon and Elizabeth Branches.
He was a senior leader at the first Kangaroo Island Camp and many others in preceding years.
They were initially organised initially by Don McCallum, Physical Education Director and in following years by Ross Baxter Glen Powell, Gary Kelly, Dean Manning, Dave Badger, Tim Looker.
The Kangaroo Island Camps ran for nearly 40 years.
Daly's particular interest was in Adventure Camping.
He personally led groups of senior leaders on Outward Bound-type expeditions to New Zealand, Tasmania (Cradle Mountain Track, Flinders Ranges and the Grampians).
Daly went on become a Senior Office, then Assistant Director in the newly formed South Australian Government Department of Tourism, Recreation and Sport.
He also completed his Master of Health at UNISA.
Daly continues his involvement in the Y as a Life Member.
Daly wrote an Honours Thesis on the “The Adelaide YMCA: 1879-1934“.
This thesis studied the changing role to the Y the 1st World War, and Depression.
A copy is available from the YMCA SA office and will be eventually online.
Daly also authored a book "Recreation and Sport Planning and Design"
1970s
Glen Powell.
Powell came to Australia with his family in about 1970 and worked under Daly until he became CEO.
He was ex-Chicago YMCA and only came for "a couple of years".
50 year later he is still here living in Adelaide.
Powell was a transformational leader of the organisation.
Powell was a man of ideas and happy to experiment with new programme initiatives.
He transformed camping into a massive co-ed programme, introduced Explorers and Adventurers which at its peak had about 1000 families involved.
He set up the first child safety programme "Alert Assert" which was rolled out in schools.
He negotiated the first PPP at Aberfoyle Hub which was a three way collaboration with the Council, Govt and YMCA.
Other initiatives included Dollar Day a door knocking fundraiser and the City Port Fun Run which attracted thousands of runners.
1980s
Trevor Cleland.
Was promoted from accountant to CEO with limited success.
This created a crisis which inspired the recruitment to the board of some former Y members high in the corporate world who could use there expertise to review the organisation.
Clive Armour (CEO of ETSA) Colin Williamson (CEO of Strategic Resources Consulting).
A restructure of the organisation and shaking off the old Methodist mentality about paying people for their 'calling'.
The board upped the salary offering from $19,000 to $52,000 and went to market for a new CEO.
Rob Dowling 1990?
- 2003.
Dowling came from Carclew Performing Arts and became our first leaders called a CEO as the others were titled General Secretaries.
Dowling was a transformational leader and kept all the Y programmes running at a high level and established a Registered Training Organisation running certificate course out of the Flinders Street headquarters.
With the Flinders Street property becoming outdated and run down Dowling sought to redevelop site.. A 12-story, strata titled building with the Y having some floors and selling off others.
Plans were drawn by Woodhead Australia and funding partners sought.
Brilliant idea but the board was not able to pull it off.
The Flinders' Street property was then sold as cost of fire compliance and the age of the building proved uneconomical to refurbish.
Closing the residential wing affected the organisations cash flow.
Dowling sought to purchase another building, an old bank, but not supported by the Board.
Dowling left to undertake teaching and research at Flinders University before retirement to the Adelaide hills.
Dave Bedson: Held the position for a short time.
2000s
Mike Kelly.
Driven by the board policy Kelly spent his time trying to win contracts for student accommodation which was an emerging area of service due to the growing numbers of overseas students in Adelaide.
This chewed up significant funds which ultimately delivered no results and the money from the sale of Flinders Street property began to diminish.
Changing time saw the diminishing of the camping programme and Explorers and Adventurers.
Peter Schwartz.
A former footballer Schwartz did some very good work, won the Aquadome contract and set up Community Strengthening unit, after school care and negotiated access to HACC grant funding to expand YMCA social services.
Haydn Robins.
2012 - 2019 Robins came from Vic Y.
He transformed the organisation into a modern competitive management organisation running sport, aquatic and community centres across South Australia.
Supported by a senior leadership team he assembled he took the organisation from near insolvency to financial security and a higher level of service delivery.
Robins had an accomplished career as a footballer playing AFL and SANFL.
Andrew Mundy - Acting CEO 2019.
Mundy stepped in at short notice from his role as General manager Operations and earned his name on the baton that is passed from one CEO to the next.
David Paterson - to commence in January 2020, 100 years after the appointment of Jack Massey.
USS Arizona (SSN-803)
"Arizona" (SSN-803), a , will be the fourth United States Navy vessel named for the state of Arizona.
Acting Secretary of the Navy Thomas Modly announced the name on 24 December 2019, in a press release.
Arizona was authorized for construction on 2 December 2019.
Raymar Jose
Raymar A. Jose is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Meralco Bolts of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
He was selected 3rd overall by Blackwater Elite in the 2017 PBA draft.
Mimbara Conservation Park
Mimbara Conservation Park is a protected area in the Australian state of South Australia located in the locality of Worlds End about south-east of the state capital of Adelaide and about south-east of the town of Burra.
The conservation park consists of the following land in the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Bright - Allotments 100 and 101 in Deposited Plan 92164 and Section 223.
The land first received protected area status as a conservation park proclaimed under the "National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972" on 26 March 2015.
A separate proclamation made on the same day confirmed the preservation of “certain existing and future rights of entry, prospecting, exploration or mining” in respect to the land.
Its name is derived from the clan name used by the Ngadjuri aboriginal people for the land associated with the conservation park.
As of 2019, it covered an area of .
The conservation park is categorised as an IUCN Category VI protected area.
2007 Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns baseball team
The 2007 Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns baseball team represented the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in the 2007 NCAA Division I baseball season.
The Ragin' Cajuns played their home games at M. L. Tigue Moore Field.
2020 Big West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
The 2020 Big West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament is the postseason men's basketball tournament for the Big West Conference of the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
It will be held from March 12 through March 14, 2019 at the Honda Center in Anaheim, California.
The top eight conference teams will be eligible for the tournament.
Teams will be seeded by record within the conference, with a tiebreaker system to seed teams with identical conference records.
Teams will be reseeded after the quarterfinals.
Leopold Katscher
Leopold Katscher (1853–1939) was a Hungarian Jewish writer and peace activist.
He was a strong influence on Rosika Schwimmer, his niece.
Katscher translated the works of Hippolyte Taine into German from 1877 until the early 20th century.
IDS Tirana
IDS Tirana is a football club based in Tirana, Albania.
They recently competed in the Albanian Third Division.
Their home ground is the Kamza Sports Complex.
Jim Workman
James Allen Workman (17 March 1917 – 23 December 1970) was an Australian cricketer who played first-class cricket for the Australian Services team from May 1945 to January 1946.
After the war he married an English woman, and they lived in London, where he coached at Alf Gover's cricket school.
He died suddenly on his way home from work on 23 December 1970.
Claude Fonnereau
Claude Fonnereau (1677, La Rochelle – 5 April 1740, Hoddesdon) was a French Huguenot refugee who settled in England and became a prominent merchant.
He was the founding father of the Fonnereau family in England.
In 1735 he purchased Christchurch Mansion in Ipswich, Suffolk, from Price Devereux, 10th Viscount Hereford.
Claude was the son of Zacharie Fonnereau and Marguerite Chataigner.
He married Elizabeth Bureau, also a Huguenot, the daughter of Anne Bureau, and had several children:
2020 BWF Continental Circuit
The 2020 BWF Continental Circuit is the fourteenth season of the BWF Continental Circuit of badminton, a circuit of 66 tournaments.
The 66 tournaments are divided into three levels:
Each of these tournaments offers different ranking points and prize money.
Below is the point distribution table for each phase of the tournament based on the BWF points system for the BWF Continental Circuit events.
Below is the schedule released by Badminton World Federation:
Below are the 2020 BWF Continental Circuit performances by country.
Only countries who have won a title are listed:
"To avoid confusion and double counting, information in this table shall only be updated once a tournament has concluded.
These tables were calculated after the Iceland International."
India's Best Dancer
India's Best Dancer is a new dance reality show going to air on Sony Entertainment Television Channel.
Actress Malaika Arora, Choreographer Geeta Kapoor and Terence Lewis is all set to Judge this show.
Comedian Bharti Singh will Host this show along with her husband writer Haarsh Limbachiyaa.
Malaika Arora, Geeta Kapoor, and Terence Lewis is going to Judge of Sony TV's dance reality show India's Best Dancer.
Bharti Singh and her husband writer Haarsh Limbachiyaa all set to turn hosts for Sony TV's new dance reality show India’s Best Dancer.
India's Best Dancer 2020 Auditions will be in Jaipur, Ranchi, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Guwahati, Lucknow, Delhi, Vadodara, Indore & Pune, Mumbai.
Robert Giblin
Robert Giblin (born November 18, 1952) is a former American football defensive back.
He played for the New York Giants in 1975 and for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1977.
Play or Die
Play or Die is a 2019 Belgian horror film directed by Jacques Kluger.
The film is based on the bestseller novel titled "Puzzle" by Franck Thilliez.
The plot revolves around Lucas (Charley Palmer Rothwell), a young man who lived through his childhood marked by the abuse of his mother and who after adult decides to create a game called Paranoia, which uses as a means to make several atrocities.
The film premiered on 18 April 2019 in the United States, and 10 May 2019 in Estonia, and 10 July 2019 in VOD format.
Lucas (Charley Palmer Rothwell) and Chloé (Roxane Mesquida) are a former dysfunctional couple who, after having spent a year apart, meet again because Chloé decides to invite him to play a game called Paranoia, in which they offer a million euros to the two players who finish the game.
By gathering the clues to be accepted in the game they arrive at a party, where they find a way to reach an abandoned hospital where the game will take place.
Upon arrival a mysterious voice tells all the players the rules of the game and how to play, but what the mysterious voice does not tell the players is that the main rules of the game are: Number 1: Nothing is real, and Number 2 : One of you will die.
When starting the game Lucas begins to notice that something was not normal and that in the game they were only trying to kill all the players, but Chloé refuses to believe that anyone wants to kill them all.
Minutes after having passed the first test of the game, in the second test of the game they run into the corpse of one of the players, so both begin to worry and get scared.
Frightened by what happened, Chloé and Lucas just try to finish the game to save their lives, and later in a room they find another corpse of another player and some papers where there was information about Naomi (Marie Zabukovec), who was actually admitted to the hospital abandoned years ago, and she was a totally dangerous patient.
So Chloé deduces that she is the murderer.
After having passed some tests of the game, they reach the final test, which makes them go to the abandoned hospital church, that's where Chloé discovers that Lucas is really the murderer and that he is a psychopath who suffers from memory loss.
From what Chloé makes him believe that they are about to reach the end of the game, when she finds a ladder to go up to the second floor of the church, she decides pushing Lucas from the stairs and she flees the place, but he manages to find her and kill her.
While he is unaware of what he was doing, he thinks he has found the murderer who killed all the players in the game, but the murderer is really himself, and that is where it is discovered that he murdered his mother and that he organized everything the game.
Chenopodium ficifolium
Chenopodium ficifolium, the fig-leaved goosefoot or figleaf goosefoot, is a plant species in the family Amaranthaceae originally native to the Irano-Turanian floristic region.
It an archaeophyte weed in Europe and can now be found in temperate crop-growing regions in most of the world.
Slavko Vlahović
Slavko Vlahović (Cyrillic: Славко Влаховић; born 7 June 1954) is a former Yugoslav and Montenegrin footballer who played as a defender.
He spent the majority of his career at Budućnost Titograd, becoming the club's most capped player ever.
With 413 appearances, between 1977 and 1991, Vlahović is also the second-most capped player in Yugoslav First League history, only behind Enver Marić.
Achille Duquesne House
The Achille Duquesne House, at 710 W. Midway in Filer, Idaho, was built in 1912.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
It is built of cast concrete blocks with rocklike faces.
It has cast stone lintels and window sills.
Its design is eclectic, including Gothic Revival-style window surrounds and a Queen Anne-style plan.
Hoboken Public Library
The Hoboken Public Library is the free public library of Hoboken, New Jersey.
It is a member of the Bergen County Cooperative Library System, a consortium of municipal libraries in the northeastern New Jersey counties of Bergen, Hudson, Passaic, and Essex.
The library was established through the philanthropy of Martha Bayard Stevens.
The building opened in 1897.
It is listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places.
Rasmus Jensen
Rasmus Jensen may refer to:
Kazakh playing cards
Kazakh playing cards ("Qazaq Deck") are a deck of 54 cards used in Kazakhstan and other countries for playing Kazakh national playing card games.
The deck allows people, especially foreigners, to become acquainted with the rich world of cultural traditions and customs of the Kazakhs.
Kazakh playing cards differ from the classic French deck in that it has unique non-standard suits, i.e.
Horse, Apple, Eagle, and Tulip.
In other words, there is no division into classes such as: clubs representing the peasantry; diamonds, the merchant class; hearts, the clergy; spades, the warrior class.
Alternatively, the Kazakh suits are divided into the so-called Yurts ("jurttar") that represent the different ways relatives are connected to a person.
There are four traditional Yurts: Óz Yurt symbolizing relatives on father’s side; Naǵashy Yurt, relatives on mother’s side; Qaıyn Yurt, relatives on spouse’s side; and Quda Yurt, the ones obtained through children’s marriage.
Within the Yurts, there is a hierarchy of relatives that sets a one-of-a-kind system of kinship.
The Yurts lay the foundation for the whole philosophy of family relationships to which nomadic societies have always attached significant importance.
It is not accidental that the Kazakh card suits have such widely recognized symbols.
Horse, apple, eagle, and tulip are the key cultural and civilizational symbols of the Kazakhss and many other Turkic peoples.
Scientific facts clearly identify the territory of modern Central Asia as the home of the very first domesticated horses, as well as falcons and eagles firstly trained for hunting.
It is also widely acknowledged that the fertile lands of Central Asia gave birth to modern apples and tulips.
Jeanette Wilson
Jeanette Wilson is a professional medium and spiritual healer who claims to heal people with the assistance of spirits.
Wilson has also promoted anti-vaccination and anti-5G views.
During a tour of the United Kingdom, several venues cancelled her appearances over concerns that her presentation could discourage people from seeking needed medical care or vaccinating their children.
Wilson was born in the United Kingdom in 1963.
She worked as a bank manager until she began working as a psychic healer and medium, following the death of her grandfather, who she claims contacted her after his death.
She moved from the UK to New Zealand in 1999.
Wilson has said that she is able to communicate with several spirits, including at least one deceased surgeon, who help her to conduct spiritual healing.
Her sessions include waving her hands, which she states are possessed by spirits, while humming, stomping, and clapping.
Wilson has stated that her psychic healing abilities include curing arthritis and the healing of vision impairments that require glasses.
She has also stated that she has treated paralysis, blindness in one eye, and many cases of life-threatening cancer.
Wilson has said she never discourages her clients from seeking medical care, however she has publicly discouraged her followers from seeking medical screening for breast cancer, stating "I’m not convinced about mammograms.
I’ve had one myself but personally I wouldn’t have another one.
That isn’t me telling you not to have them, but I know what it does to me and my body.”
Wilson describes accused serial sex abuser and debunked faith healer João Teixeira de Faria, AKA John of God, as a mentor and has said that they are both assisted in psychic healing by some of the same spirits.
She describes her claimed psychic abilities in the context of her Christianity, stating that they are a gift from God.
She has stated that her psychic sessions always include the Lord's Prayer and the Hail Mary.
In 2004, Wilson was the subject of a New Zealand Channel Three television series titled "Dare to Believe".
Later, she was featured on an episode of 20/20.
She has written four books about her experiences as a professional medium and about other new age topics.
In addition to conducting private consultations, Wilson has held public events in places such as the UK and New Zealand.
Wilson has spread anti-vaccine messages, including a claim that vaccines are linked to Alzheimer's disease.
She further claims that the media and pharmaceutical industries are suppressing cancer cures, that 5G technology is a "weapon", and that drug and gambling addiction can be caused by bad spirits.
The Good Thinking Society's project director, Michael Marshall, has expressed concerns that Wilson's shows may discourage people from seeking medical help while "wasting their money," and that her anti-vaccine rhetoric may endanger children.
Several venues in the UK cancelled appearances by Wilson after Marshall contacted them about these concerns.
The NZ Skeptics made a similar effort to urge venues to cancel Wilson's events during her tour of New Zealand.
The chair of the organization, Craig Shearer, voiced concerns about the risk of participants forgoing medical care and suffering financial exploitation.
After being contacted by Marshall, the UK Advertising Standards Authority cautioned Wilson to, according to Wilson, comply with UK regulations and "remove any claims to work with spirit world doctors, any videos that mention any diseases.
I am only able to say that I can give people a feeling of well being.”
At her shows, Wilson advertises a dietary supplement, called alfa PXP ROYALE, made from micronized black rice.
The supplement is sold by a Enzacta, a multi-level marketing company for which Wilson is a paid promoter, at a dramatic markup relative to the cost of whole purple rice sold in supermarkets or micronised purple rice sold online.
A surgeon interviewed by Australia's "A Current Affair" television show criticized the marketing of the supplement, stating that customers are "wasting their money, and for this product a large amount of money; and secondly, they may be led to believe they don’t need to take their effective treatments for conditions they may actually have.” Despite this, Wilson claims that the "purple powder" can help elderly people "keep their vibrations up", and at one performance she invited an audience member to speak with her about the "best thing for scar tissue" off camera, so that "trading standards don't become all uppity."
Thomas Ives
Thomas Ives (born June 25, 1996) is an American football wide receiver for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL).
He played college football at Colgate and was signed by the Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2019.
At Hinsdale Central High School, Ives played for the football and basketball teams.
In 2014, Hinsdale Central reached the Class 8A state playoffs with an 8–3 record; Ives led the team as a captain with 48 receptions for 888 yards and 12 touchdowns.
Ives led the team in scoring as he broke program records for receptions and receiving touchdowns in a season.
Ives attended Colgate, where he played wide receiver for the football program for four years, beginning in 2015.
In his freshman season, Ives saw little playing time in the regular season, catching just one pass for nine yards in a week eight win over Georgetown.
But across three playoff games, Ives hauled in five passes for 98 yards.
In his sophomore season, Ives caught nine passes for 142 yards and one touchdown.
As a junior, Ives led the Raiders in several statistical categories, as he hauled in a team-best 353 receiving yards and seven touchdowns.
He tied for the second-most receptions on the team, with 23 passes caught.
Prior to his senior season, Ives was named a team captain and to the preseason all-Patriot League team.
Ives caught just 15 passes for 263 yards and one touchdown as an injury limited Ives in two games and took him out of three games.
Ives graduated from Colgate with a degree in political science.
Ives signed with the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent following the 2019 NFL Draft.
On August 31, 2019, Ives was released by the Bears as part of final roster cuts, but was signed to the practice squad the next day.
On December 30, 2019, Ives was signed to a reserve/future contract.
Khawla Hamdi
Khawla Hamdi is a Tunisian-born Arabic-language author born on July 12, 1984 in Tunis, Tunisia.
She is a professor at the King Saud University in Riyadh, where she teaches Information technology and currently resides in Riyadh.
She has several best-selling novels in her literary career.
She has a degree in Industrial Engineering and received her Masters degree in Management from school of management in Saint-Étienne, France on 2008.
In 2011, she obtained a Ph.D. of Applied mathematics in Operations research branch from University of Technology of Troyes, France.
Khawla Hamdi entered the writing world with the book "Ahlam al-Shabab".
The book, which reflects the memories of a Muslim girl, was published in 320 pages in Arabic on 2006.
Thereafter, her second book entitled In My Heart A Jewish Girl was published in Arabic on 2012.
Inspired by a true story, the book tells the story of a Tunisian Jewish girl who converted to Islam, after being influenced by the character of an orphan Muslim girl and becomes interested in a young Lebanese who is one of the Lebanese resistance forces.
This book is known as one of the best-selling novels and has been reprinted more than 47 times so far.
Then the book Ghorbat Al Yasmeen “The Expatriation of Jasmine” was published by this author in 2015.
This book is mostly about the problems of Arab refugees in France.
An Tabqa “To Stay” was Khawla Hamdi's next book, published in 2016.
The novel focuses on the problems of Arab refugees in Europe and their dual identities.
Her next book was Ayn Al Mafar “Where to Escape!”, which was published in 2018.
This book scrutinize the revolutions that have taken place in the Arab world, especially Tunisia, as a story.
This book has been published in Arabic and in novel form.
This book is about the desires and aspirations of young people and portrays the memories of a Muslim girl.
Part of the novel: My Name is Maram, I'm in my 20s, a medical student...
I've been in college for two years, a lot of things has changed in my life, have you grown up?
Maybe!
But I'm sure that intellectual maturity doesn't have much to do with age... Maybe there have been some changes in my life that make me feel the difference.
Yes, the environment has changed, friends and acquaintances have changed, I have lost some of my friends and made new friends... Life does not stop and goes on...
But that's not all because I'm writing my own memories!
Every part of life is important and has a particular value to me, because I see that every individual is inherently distinct, because Almighty God created him or her different from other people, so every individual is exceptional and can only exist once, and this experience is unique...
It seems we got into philosophical talk and got away from topic.
Let's go back to the subject... Hmmm, what made me write my memoir?
Yes...
This book was published in Arabic in 320 pages on 2006.
The book Fi Qalbi Ontha Ebrya has been published in both Arabic and Persian.
This book illustrates many contemporary issues in the Arab world such as misunderstanding about Islam and Hijab.
The story revolves around Rima, a Tunisian Muslim girl who her parents died.
Her mother's last words to her Jewish neighbor, Jacob, are to raise Rima as a Muslim.
Jacob accepts Rima's care and Rima, a teenage girl, grows up and starts wearing Islamic veil.
Jacob's wife, Tanya, who cannot tolerates with Rima's veil and finds that her Jewish children are also interested in Islamic veil because of Rima, sees Rima as a threat to her childrens and asks Jacob to choose between Rima and her family.
As a result, Jacob sends Rima to his sister Rachel's home in Lebanon.
There, Rachel's husband mistreated Rima then she forced to move.
Afterwards, she becomes acquainted with Nada and becomes one of the agents of his conversion to Islam.
A love story about coexistence between religions.
This book was published in Arabic in 388 pages on 2012.
This book has been published in Arabic and in novel form.
The novel discusses about how could be difficult for Arab and Muslim refugees to adapt themselves with French society.
The main character in this novel is a Muslim girl who wears a head scarf and faces problems because of it in society.
This book was published in Arabic in 407 pages on 2015.
Excerpt from the book: When she was asked first time about the journey ahead, her mother, Fatima, responded indirectly to her by these statements.
She told her about Yasmeen's flower, which her name comes from it.
She said Yasmeen's flower is always convinced to the least.
This plant does not need much care.
A single drop of fertilizer per each spring is enough for it.
Suffice it to be slightly moist, then no irrigation is needed.
All types of jasmine flowers prefer to grow in a sunny place but also tolerate the presence of shade.
The Tunisian sun is suitable for blossoming and completing personality of this flower, but it has the ability to withstand the shade and cold climate of Europe.
Like the Mediterranean white jasmine, which is very delicate in appearance but strong in character.
Yasmeen's unique fragrance conveys a sense of sincerity that other roses lack.<br>
She did not ask about the importance of the emotions that this flower brings.
She knew that giving a woman a jasmine flower sometimes meant, "Why didn't you ever love me?"
Just as her father had given her, Yasmeen, to her mother.
It was her father's last gift to her mother because he had been evading custody of Yasmeen after divorce.
After that, her mother never accepted anyone's love because she had dedicated herself to love for Yasmeen.<br>She increasingly felt the absence of his mother more day after day.
Over time, she became more confident that she would be lost without him.
She knew that being a foreigner was not an easy experience.
However, he had agreed to take the trip.
Her mother had taught him how to be a real jasmine, but she may have overlooked the bitter truth: When it leaves its soil, Jasmine quickly fades away and wraps itself beautifully in the dry.
This book has been published in Arabic and in novel form.
The novel discusses about the hardships of immigration of Muslims and whether it is worth it.
This book was published in Arabic in 383 pages on 2016.
Part of the text of the book: Everything was cool and exciting until I decided to make a change in my desperate path and do something extraordinary to get me out of this absurdity hell.
After that, in one of the autumn night, when I stepped on the boat that had stopped on the shore, the moonlight has faded from my life, and my life became a improvisations series of exceptional cases.
From then on, I went through different adventures and endangered my life many times.
I became close to the borders of death by drowning and deprived myself of justice, I even almost fell into the realm of the dead.
Over and over, I found myself hoping to return to a monotonous life with no excitement.
I was scared to be forgotten in a corner and die alone.
I was afraid that I had ruined my normal life for nothing!
This book has been published in Arabic and in novel form.
The novel mainly scrutinizes the Tunisian revolution and the effects that these failed revolutions have on the people.
This is part of the text: If she could paint a simple picture of her life, of course if she had been so aware, she recognized that it was all just suffering.
Each suffering depicts a different path, expressing certain meanings that she was unaware of it... Every suffering had to search for the next suffering to find its way...
In the meantime she was looking for a way to get rid of it and always asked: Which event, like a tornado, shook the pillars of her monotonous life?...
Just when there was an incentive to keep going, everything seemed void to her... Like a fisherman who fished a fish then thrown it into the sea and wait for a bigger fish...
This book has been published in Arabic in 431 pages on 2018.
Cosmo Lady
Cosmo Lady (China) Holdings Company Limited (HKSE: 2298), doing business as Cosmo Lady () is a Chinese company, headquartered in Dongguan, that manufactures underwear; it is the largest such company in the country.
In 2014 it was the largest such company, if operating revenue is the method of measurement, with its own brand.
It operates some retail shops selling its own products.
Zheng Yaonan () is the chairperson.
The brand was established in 1998 and the current corporation was established in 2009.
Historically the company sold only women's underwear.
In 2014 the company had considered steps to also begin selling such products for male consumers.
That year it made an initial public offering and effective 26 June 2014 was listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKSE).
In 2019 there was an expected loss of 140 million USD, and possible plans to close retail stores.
Its head office, the City Beauty Industrial Park (), is in Fengdeling Village (), Fenggang Town, Dongnan District, Dongguan.
It moved to its current headquarters in 2010.
Requiem Survey (website)
Requiem Survey, a website established in 2003 by Reformed Christian rector, literary scholar and author Kees van der Vloed (born 9 June 1960 in the Netherlands), endeavors to categorize all composers and works relating to the Mass for the dead.
As of 2019 the repository includes 3,294 composers and 5,266 works.
The specialized encyclopedia also lists Vloed's personal music library, which is "focused on work directly related to the Latin text and its implementation excluding evocative work, but as promiscuous as Henze’s "Requiem" (a cycle of nine sacred concerts), Hindemith (on texts by Whitman) and Weinberg (on texts by various poets, e.g., Lorca and Fukagawa)."
The alphabetical survey itself recognizes classical, vocal requiems (and their composers), including fragments and unfinished works in the original Latin text as well as in other languages (e.g., German requiems), requiem-songs, motets and profane requiems.
Instrumental works are not included.
Since its inception, "Requiem Survey" has received an audience of more than 75 million readers.
Björn Roxin
Björn Håkan Roxin (born May 19, 1950) is a Swedish curler.
He is a and a two-time Swedish men's champion (1986, 1988).
His three brothers – Claes, Göran and Lars-Eric – are also curlers.
Gervasius de Wolvehope
Gervasius de Wolvehope (fl.1295-1302), was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1295, 1298 and 1302.
Christina Morales
Christina Morales is a Texas Democratic politician serving in the Texas House of Representatives for district 145.
Morales' grandfather, Felix H. Morales, opened KLVL the first Spanish speaking radio station that reported news for the Gulf Coast.
At the age of 23, following the death of her grandmother, Morales took over the funeral home ran by the family.
Morales has 2 children and 2 twin grandchildren.
She is Hispanic
Morales, in 1997, founded the Annual Morales Back to School Supplies Giveaway.
The program helps low income children in Houston get supplies needed for school.
Morales serves as CEO of the program.
In the spring of 2019, Morales was elected to represent district 145 in the Texas House of Representatives.
She was sworn in on March 18, 2019 succeeding Carol Alvarado.
Additionally, Morales has served as a board member of several organizations.
She is affiliated with the Democratic Party.
Suraj Pe Mangal Bhari
Suraj Pe Mangal Bhari is an upcoming Indian Hindi-language family comedy film directed by Abhishek Sharma and produced under the banner Zee Studios.
The film features Diljit Dosanjh, Manoj Bajpayee and Fatima Sana Shaikh in the lead roles.Principal photography began on 6 January 2020.
Wolvehope
Wolvehope is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Ricardus le Palmere
Ricardus de Palmere (fl.1295-1302), was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1295 and 1302.
Tayside Junior Football League
The Tayside Junior Football League , originally called the "Midlands League", was a football league competition operated in Tayside under the Scottish Junior Football Association which operated as the top league in the territory until a merger in 2002; it existed for a further four years as a second-tier league before the name was discontinued in 2006.
Junior football had been played in the region since the 1890s, but it was not until a restructuring across Scotland in the late 1960s that all teams in the territory were brought together under one umbrella - previously they had been competing in the local leagues in Angus, Perthshire and Dundee, though the membership of these was not always rigidly dependant on geography, and another "Midland League" also existed from the 1920s to the 1940s involving clubs from all three territories.
Due to predicted difficulties in arranging the new format, an extra year was requested for its completion by the local committees, and the Midland (Tayside) leagues began in 1969, a year after the rest of Scotland (the North was the only one of the six new regions which required more than minor adjustment to its structure).
With titles having been shared between clubs from Perthshire and Dundee (the sole Angus champions in 1974 being Kirrie Thistle), the league's balance altered dramatically in 1990 when Tayport joined the setup; their base was actually in the far north of Fife but they were permitted to join the Tayside league as they were closer to many of its teams via the Tay Road Bridge.
The "Port" almost immediately began to dominate and did not finish outside the top two places from 1991 until 2002, when the Tayside leagues were merged with the Fife League and the East (Lothians) league to form a new Scottish Junior Football Association, East Region Superleague.
Despite the challenge of facing the strongest clubs from these other two areas, Tayport continued to be among the leading teams for the first six years; Dundee side Lochee United also finished as East Region champions twice in that period.
Tayside's setup was retained as a feeder division to the Superleague along with the other historic districts until 2006, when they were fully integrated into the East Region; Tayside's section (minus the Perthshire teams which were placed with the Fife sides) became the North Division below the Super League and a new Premier Division.
In 2018, a large group of East Junior clubs joined the East of Scotland Football League, aspiring to gain entry to the senior Scottish Professional Football League in future years; however, on Tayside the only ones to do so were the Perth teams Jeanfield Swifts and Kinnoull.
This led to a North-South reorganisation of the remaining members of the region, with the 2019–20 Superleague North entirely compsed of former Tayside clubs.
Notes
Notes
Palmere
Palmere may refer to:
Tony America
Tony America is a 1918 U.S. film directed by Thomas N. Heffron and starring Francis McDonald.
A poor but optimistic young fruit peddler from Genoa is lured to America by his boss; once he arrives, he finds himself trapped in a stormy marriage with an unfaithful wife.
Arnold Schönberg complete edition
The Arnold Schönberg Complete Edition is a historical-critical edition of the complete compositional works of Arnold Schönberg, which is intended to serve both scholarship and musical practice.
The edition is published by Schott Music in Mainz and the Universal-Edition in Vienna.
The edition was created in December 1965 by Schönberg's pupil and later assistant Josef Rufer at the headquarters of the Mainz music publisher B. Schott's Söhne.
Initially the Volkswagen Foundation was able to secure funding, until the 1980 edition was included in the .
Since then it has been supervised by the Academy of Sciences and Literature in Mainz.
The first volume appeared in print in 1966.
The office is located in Berlin and cooperates with the Arnold Schönberg Center in Vienna.
The Schönberg Complete Edition is divided into the following sections:
Al-Taraf Club
Al-Taraf Club is a Saudi Arabian Association football team in Al-Ahsa City playing at the Saudi Third Division.
Luss (disambiguation)
Luss is a village on the bank of Loch Lomond, Scotland.
Luss or LUSS may also refer to:
2020 TCR Japan Touring Car Series
The 2020 TCR Japan Touring Car Series season is scheduled to be the first season of the TCR Japan Touring Car Series.
The series will support the 2019 Super Formula Championship.
The calendar was announced on 27 October 2018 with six confirmed dates with all rounds held in Japan and supporting the Super Formula Championship.
Three Days of Viktor Chernyshov
Three Days of Viktor Chernyshov () is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by .
The film takes place in the 60s.
Viktor Chernyshev gets a job as a turner in a factory.
He calmly reacted to the fact that his lazy peer Nikolai was boasting to his colleagues about his victories over women, who, in turn, listened with pleasure to him.
And only doctor Peter tried to change the situation.
Mayes Middleton
Mayes Middleton is a Texas Republican politician who serves for district 23 in the Texas House of Representatives.
Mayes Middleton was born in Wallisville, Texas.
Middleton received degrees in finance and Plan II Honors from University of Texas at Austin, and a Juris Doctor from University of Texas Law School.
He and his wife Macy have to twin children.
The Middleton family lives in Houston, Texas.
Middleton currently serves as president of Middleton Oil Company, which is an independent oil and gas company that operates in South Texas and the Gulf Coast.
During the Republican primary in 2018 Middleton was endorsed by Texas governor Greg Abbott.
Middleton serves in the Texas House of Representatives for district 23, he was sworn in on January 8, 2019 succeeding Wayne Faircloth.
Middleton is running for reelection and will appear on the Republican primary ballot in 2020.
May el-Toukhy
May el-Thouky (born August 17, 1977) is a Danish-Egyptian film director, known for directing the 2019 film "Queen of Hearts".
She also directed the 2015 film "Lang historie kort".
Goal!
Another Goal!
Goal!
Another Goal!
() is a 1968 Soviet comedy film directed by .
The film shows the final football match in Leningrad between the Leningrad "Zarya" team and the West European "Reefs".
The son of the "Zarya" coach went to visit one girl before the match and he returned only in the morning, which is why he was suspended from participation in the game.
suddenly one player is injured and Sergey replaces him.
Sam Harless
Eric Sam Harless is a Texas Republican politician that serves district 126 in the Texas House of Representatives.
He is the husband of Patricia Harless.
In 1981 Harless graduated from Spring High School, he then attended Lone Star College, and later attended Sam Houston State University.
He married Patricia Fincher in 1986, they have one son.
Harless is a member of Champion Forest Baptist Church.
Today, he and his wife Patricia own Fred Fincher Motors, a second-generation independent automobile dealership.
His wife Patricia served in the Texas House representing the same District from 2007 – 2016.
Harless serves in the Texas House of Representatives for district 126.
He was sworn in on January 8, 2019 succeeding Kevin Roberts.
Harless is affiliated with the Republican Party.
Alone (radio series)
Alone is a BBC Radio 4 situation comedy which stars Angus Deayton and is written by Moray Hunter.
The show began with a pilot episode in January 2017, with the first series following on 26 April 2018.
Middle-aged and widowed Mitch is living in a converted North London Victorian house, divided into flats, with the house owner and half-brother Will who works as a translator from home.
In the neighbouring flats is nervous and shy Ellie who secretly holds a crush on Mitch, frightfully honest but frustrated actress Louisa, and dimwitted IT nerd Morris.
All four find their way to bothering Mitch with regularity.
The show pilot was commissioned as part of a group of six shows which aired together on the 7 January 2017.
The first series was confirmed on the 17 August 2017.
The return for the second series was announced on 9 January 2018.
The show originally aired on BBC Radio 4, with repeats also airing the following week on BBC Radio 4 Extra.
Derek de Solla Price Memorial Medal
The Derek de Solla Price Memorial Award, or Price Medal, was conceived to honor Derek J. de Solla Price for his contributions to information science and for his crucial role in developing the field of scientometrics.
The award was launched by Tibor Braun, founder of the international journal Scientometrics, and is periodically awarded by the journal to scientists with outstanding contributions to the fields of quantitative studies of science.
The awarding ceremony is part of the annual ISSI conference.
The first medal was awarded to Eugene Garfield in 1984.
The full list of winners can be found below.
Nanditha K. S.
Nanditha K. S. was a poet from Kerala who wrote poems in Malayalam and English.
Her poems were discovered in her diary after her death and published as a collection.
She was born on 21 May 1969 in Wayanad district.
She completed her education from Zamorin's Guruvayurappan College, Farook College, University of Calicut English Department and Mother Teresa Women's University, Chennai.
After completing her B.A.
and M.A.
degrees, she worked as a lecturer for English at the Wayanad Muttil Muslim Orphanage Arts and Science College.
Nanditha took her life on 17 January 1999.
After her death, her parents discovered a diary of her poems which she had not shared with anyone.
A collection of her poems written between 1985 through 1993 were published in a book form as "Nandithayude Kavithakal", under the initiative of the Malayalam literary critic, M. M. Basheer .
The first edition of the book was published in 2002 and fourth edition in 2007.
Death and love were common themes in her poems.
Though most of her poems were in Malayalam she also wrote in English .
Her life was the subject of the film titled Nanditha released in 2017.
Hungama 2
Hungama 2 is an upcoming Indian 2020 Hindi-language comedy film directed by Priyadarshan and jointly produced by Ratan Jain, Ganesh Jain, Chetan Jain and Armaan Ventures.
A sequel of the 2003 film "Hungama", the film stars Paresh Rawal, Shilpa Shetty, Meezaan Jaffrey and Pranitha Subhash.
"Hungama 2" marks the comeback of director Priyadarshan to Bollywood films after seven years.
The principal photography commenced on 8 January 2020 in Mumbai.
The film will be slated for a theatrical release in India on 14 August 2020.
Typhoon Phanfone (2019)
Typhoon Phanfone, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Ursula, was a relatively strong and deadly tropical cyclone which traversed through the Philippines on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day for the first time since Nock-ten in 2016.
The twenty-ninth and final named storm of the 2019 Pacific typhoon season, the origins of Phanfone can be traced to an upper-level low which had formed near the Caroline Islands and gradually organized into a tropical depression on December 19.
Moving generally west-northwestard, the system intensified into a tropical storm on December 22 and moved into the Philippine Area of Responsibility on the following day as it continued gaining strength.
Phanfone intensified to typhoon status shortly before making its first landfalls over the Eastern Visayas region on Christmas Eve.
Further intensification ensued until Christmas Day despite Phanfone making several landfalls over the central Philippine islands, peaking at 150 km/h (90 mph) 10-minute sustained winds with a central pressure dropping to 970 hPa.
Phanfone maintained its typhoon strength for several hours as it exited the Philippine landmass before unfavorable conditions caused it to rapidly deteriorate and dissipate over the South China Sea.
Phanfone crossed the central Philippines after the stronger Kammuri struck nearly the same region merely weeks prior, with a track fairly similar to 2013’s Haiyan.
The system caused destruction in the Visayas region, particularly over Samar, Leyte and Iloilo.
The total fatalities of the said typhoon is 50 deaths (with 55 people missing, and over 300 injured) and the damages is at or roughly .
Prior to its formation on December 19, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) began monitoring a low pressure system to the southeast of Micronesia.
Showing signs of convection and sufficient banding around a defined center, the JTWC subsequently upgraded its initial warning to a medium chance of development.
Shortly thereafter on December 20, JTWC issued a tropical cyclone formation alert, while the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) issued its first advisory on the system.
By December 22, the system gained tropical storm strength and JMA issued the named "Phanfone."
Moving generally west-northwestward, Phanfone moved into the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR) at 5:00 am PST December 23 and the Philippine weather bureau PAGASA locally named the system as "Ursula".
Owing to favorable conditions, Phanfone intensified further into a severe tropical storm hours later.
By afternoon of December 24, Phanfone gained typhoon strength shortly before making its first three landfalls over Salcedo, Eastern Samar (4:45 pm PST), Tacloban City (7:30 pm PST), and Cabucgayan, Biliran (9:15 pm PST).
Further intensification ensued until December 25, with Phanfone peaking at 00:00 UTC with 150 km/h (90 mph) 10-minute sustained winds and a central pressure dropping to 970 hPa; the JTWC reported that Phanfone peaked at 175 km/h 1-minute sustained winds, equivalent to a Category 2 typhoon.
Phanfone continued its west-northwestward track and, by afternoon of the same day, PAGASA had reported four additional landfalls: Gigantes Islands (2:30 am PST), Ibajay, Aklan (8:40 am PST), Semirara Island (1:00 pm PST), and Bulalacao, Oriental Mindoro (3:00 pm PST).
By December 26, Phanfone had already exited the Philippine landmass, moving northwest over the South China Sea.
After holding strength for several hours, the system began losing strength due to unfavorable sea surface temperatures, medium wind shear and dry air intrusion.
On December 27, Phanfone dropped to tropical storm status while rapidly deteriorating and slowly moving.
On December 28, PAGASA issued its final warning as the system exited the PAR; later, JMA issued their final advisories as Phanfone weakened below warning threshold.
The PAGASA issued a signal 3 warning to Northern Samar, Samar, Eastern Samar, Leyte, Biliran and the Camotes Islands, meaning that 65-92 knot (75-106 mph; 121–170 km/h) winds were expected.
The PAGASA also issued a signal 2 warning to the Visayas, meaning that 33-65 knot (38-75 mph; 61–120 km/h) winds were to be expected within 24 hours.
It was issued to the central portion of northern Cebu, northeastern Iloilo, northern Antique, Capiz, Aklan, Southern Leyte, and Negros Occidental, which meant that Phanfone was taking a similar path to the areas hit by the much stronger Typhoon Haiyan.
The Visayas was the worst hit, with Iloilo City having 13 casualties alone that had been either struck by fallen trees, electrocuted or drowned.
Roxas, Tacloban and Maasin all received 140 mm (5.5 inches) of rain.
The extent of damage in the Philippines was quite far, with the Boracay Airport being heavily damaged as many people were stranded in the airport as the typhoon struck.
A disaster response officer also reported that power outages and damage in the town of Batad in Iloilo Province made it appear as a “ghost town”.
Severe flooding caused devastating damage in the many provinces and islands of Visayas as rain spread across the region, with many houses and vehicles being partially to completely submerged.
Multiple houses were crumpled and trees were downed, as well as power lines being downed.
All of these obstacles blocked off roads and made roads dangerous to walk on; and the excessive amounts of rainfall made ground, especially higher ground, very unstable.
The province of Leyte was placed under a state of calamity following the damage of the typhoon, with livestock, crops and infrastructure being damaged in excess of $1 million USD.
Most of the casualties are estimated to have taken place at Iloilo, as the village was badly hit with severe and swift-moving flash floods.
Tacloban was hit as fires broke out and winds allowed them to spread but it the 220,000 inhabitants escaped the worst of the system.
147 cities were affected by power outages but by Friday, December 27, 31 of those 147 had their power restored.
Because of the upcoming Christmas celebrations, 16,000 passengers who had holiday plans in their respective provinces with their families, were stranded in port for their safety due to the threat of the typhoon.
Upon making landfall near Salcedo in Eastern Samar around 4:45 PM, it was reported that the typhoon was causing major flooding and mudslides in the region.
As the storm quickly and unexpectedly intensified, over 58,000 people were evacuated in advance of the typhoon.
Five fishermen were reported missing and a 70-year-old man died after his house was swept away and as a result, he drowned.
Around 2,351 people have been affected by the typhoon and 1,654 were taking refuge in evacuation centers.
The World Food Programme issued advisories and infographics plotting the projected path of Phanfone, as well as evacuation and relief centers.
As of December 27, 2019, there are at least 28 confirmed fatalities according to the Philippines Disaster Agency, including a 13-year-old boy who was electrocuted.
A signal 2 warning was also issued to Luzon, with the southern portion of Quezon, Marinduque, Oriental Mindoro, Occidental Mindoro including Lubang Island, Romblon, Albay, Sorsogon, Burias Island, Calamian and Cuyo Islands all forecast to be in the path of Phanfone.
A signal 1 warning was issued to Bulacan, Bataan, Metro Manila, Rizal, rest of Quezon, Laguna, Batangas, Camarines Sur, Camarines Norte, Catanduanes and northern Palawan.
The island's governor ordered local government units to conduct a forced evacuation plan, prompting civilians near flood-prone areas and areas with the potential to be affected by landslides, to relocate temporarily as a safety precaution.
Local representatives visited residents in Libon, Maninila and Tandarora to advise them to evacuate and temporarily celebrate Christmas in evacuation centers for their safety.
Many public schools were open in order to serve as shelters for residents while the provincial government distributed food packs to the evacuees.
In Naval, the local government unit deployed evacuation tents for evacuees on Monday, December 23 with some tents reserved for senior citizens, pregnant women and people with disabilities.
Personnel of the Romblon Provincial Mobile Force Company were deployed and conducted an inventory of Search and Rescue (SAR) equipment on December 23 in preparation for the typhoon.
San Jose experienced 217 mm (8.64 inches) of rain in just under 24 hours.
Upwards of 58,000 people were evacuated from Luzon and its surrounding islands as the system brought torrential rain and severe flash flooding ensued as a result of the rains.
One family was swept away whilst trying to reach higher ground.
Water and power services were completely cut off, and restoration was estimated to take weeks.
Due to extensive damage done by Typhoon Phanfone in the Philippines, PAGASA announced that the name "Ursula" will be removed from the list of typhoon names, and the agency named 'Ugong' to replace 'Ursula'.
Ursus Minor Mountain
Ursus Minor Mountain is a mountain summit located in Glacier National Park, in the Hermit Range of the Selkirk Mountains in British Columbia, Canada.
Ursus Minor Mountain is situated northeast of Revelstoke, and west of Golden.
It is also set northwest of Cheops Mountain, and west of Rogers Pass.
Its nearest higher peak is Grizzly Mountain, to the east-northeast.
The first ascent of the mountain was made in 1907 by Rupert W. Haggen, with guide Edouard Feuz Jr.
The mountain's name was adopted in 1906, then re-approved September 8, 1932, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
It was so-named because of its proximity above Bear Creek (since renamed Connaught Creek), and in keeping with the bear theme of other nearby features such as Ursus Major Mountain, Grizzly Mountain, Bruins Pass, and Balu Pass.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Ursus Minor Mountain is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C.
Precipitation runoff from the mountain and meltwater from a small unnamed glacier on its north slope drains into tributaries of the Illecillewaet River and Beaver River.
Khalid Mohamed Al Jaber
Khalid Mohamed Al Jaber (خالد محمد الجابر) is a record holder Qatari biker and traveler who travels to spread messages and create awareness about specific subjects.
In 2017, he traveled 21,000 km at the silk route, from London to Beijing, promoting the work of charitable health projects that work for children without limbs.
He traveled 43,000 km from Alaska to Argentina in 2018, spreading the idea of traveling and exploring among young people.
The trip was supported by the Ministry of Culture and Sports of Qatar.
Khalid Mohamed Al Jaber's passion for motorcycles began at an early age of 8.
He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Network Engineering and a master's degree in Innovative Technology (Computer Crime).
He is a computer network engineer and also works in film production.
He obtained his driver's license in 2010 and started with a classic bike.
Al Jaber's first long distance travel was of 800km which he covered by circling Qatar.
Jaidev (film)
Jaidev is a 1998 Indian Kannada action drama directed by H. Vasu who also wrote the screenplay for a story by M. D. Hasham.
It film has musical score by Rajesh Ramanath.
The film stars Jaggesh in the titular role alongside an ensemble cast which includes Charulatha, Srinath, Doddanna, Ashok, Sumithra and Gurudatt.
The film was produced by Sa Ra Govindu in the banner of Thanu Chithra.
The film narrates the story of two brothers , Dhanpal and Jaipal, who have supreme authority over their dead brother-in-law's wealth.
However, when a stage comes that they are unable to keep their authority due to their brother-in-law's will which states that his son will be the next heir , they hire Jaidev, a young good doer to play that role.
He is hoodwinked into believing that they are doing it for their sister.
What happens later forms the crux of the story.
The soundtrack album comprises 6 songs composed by Rajesh Ramanath.
The film was cleared with a "U Certificate" from the Censor Board after deletion of a few dialogues.
"Sri Ganesh Video" purchased the video rights of the film.
Liu Nianguang
Liu Nianguang (; born December 1957) is a lieutenant general ("zhongjiang") in the People's Liberation Army.
He was promoted to the rank of major general ("shaojiang") in July 2007 and lieutenant general ("zhongjiang") in July 2015.
He is the current Political Commissioner of National University of Defense Technology.
Liu was born in Jingjiang, Jiangsu in December 1957.
In 1974 he graduated from Jianping County No.1 High School.
He enlisted in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in December 1974.
He served in the Shenyang Military Region for a long time.
In 2006 he was promoted to become Director of Political Department of the 40th Group Army, a position he held until 2008.
In February 2008 he became Deputy Political Commissioner of the 40th Group Army, ten months later he was promoted to become Political Commissioner.
He was Director of Political Department of the Chengdu Military Region in December 2013, and held that office until January 2016.
In July 2017 he was appointed Political Commissioner of National University of Defense Technology, replacing Wang Jianwei.
Dukhan / Tamim Airbase
Dukhan / Tamim Airbase is a new air base built for the Qatari Air Force in 2018 near Dukhan.
The facility's name is in honour of the Emir of Qatar Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani.
It is the country's third and newest air base.
The facility is not Dukhan Airport, a civilian airport built in 1930 and made obsolete in 1959 when Doha International Airport was opened.
The airbase received five of the air force's order of 36 Dassault Rafale jet fighters in June 2019, though the base was not completely operational at the time.
Jean-Antoine de Mesmes
Jean-Antoine de Mesmes may refer to:
Witold Abramowicz
Witold Abramowicz is a Polish scientist, professor of economics, postdoctoral degree in mathematics and engineer, chair of the Department of Information Systems at PUEB.
He received the Knight's Cross of the Polonia Restituta Cross in 2019.
Jordan Kristine Seamon
Jordan Seamon (born November 28, 2002), better known by her stage name J.K. is an American R&B/Urban pop singer/song-writer, actress, artist, author, entrepreneur, and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania native that is now based in Atlanta, Georgia.
J.K.’s sound is rich, soulful, and charismatic.
J.K. established herself as a dynamic songwriter with her 1st single, "Glo-Up" and "Glo-Up" Remix' featuring, rapper High Defynition, which was released on March 5, 2018.
The song was produced by American production duo Nard & B.
In 2019, Jordan had a small role in "We Are Who We Are" along side Kid Cudi and Jack Dylan Grazerin an 8-episode miniseries for HBO, directed by Luca Guadagnino.
Dieter Rexroth
Dieter Rexroth (born 1941) is a German musicologist and dramaturge.
Born in Dresden, Rexroth studied composition, conducting, musicology, German studies and philosophy at the universities of Cologne, Vienna and Bonn.
In 1969 he received his doctorate in Bonn with a thesis on Arnold Schönberg.
From 1974 to 1991 he was founding director of the in Frankfurt am Main.
From 1980 to 1994 he was also dramaturge at the Alte Oper in Frankfurt and co-founder of the "Frankfurter Feste", whose artistic director he was from 1986 to 1994.
In 1995/1996 he developed an artistic event concept for St. Pölten as intendant of the Lower Austrian cultural scene.
From 1996 to 2006 he was intendant in the Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin of the "Rundfunkorchester und Chöre GmbH.
In 2000 he brought the American conductor Kent Nagano to Berlin and became his dramaturgical consultant
.
In 2000 he also became artistic director of the Young Euro Classic festival in Berlin and directed the "Kasseler Musiktage" from 2005 to 2015.
Since 2013 he has been artistic director of the , for which he conceptually focused on the promotion of the prizewinners, and chairman of the jury for composition.
Rexroth is the author and editor of publications on classical composers such as Ludwig van Beethoven, Anton Webern and Paul Hindemith as well as on contemporary composers such as Hans Werner Henze and Wolfgang Rihm.
Editorship:
Sung-bin
Sung-bin or Seong-bin is a Korean masculine given name.
The meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name.
There are 27 hanja with the reading "Sung" and 25 hanja with the reading "Bin" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
People with this name include:
Arthur Scott (cricketer)
Arthur Avison Scott (3 December 1883 – 6 January 1968) was an English first-class cricketer and Royal Navy officer.
The son of the Reverend Avison Scott and Dorothea Sarah Tillard, he was born at Bootle in December 1883.
He attended the Britannia Royal Naval College, from where he graduated into the Royal Navy as an acting paymaster sub-lieutenant.
He was confirmed in the rank of sub-lieutenant in April 1904, with promotion to lieutenant following in October 1905.
Scott made a single appearance in first-class cricket for the Royal Navy against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1912.
He took 2 wickets in the match and scored 9 runs.
He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant commander in September 1913 and the following year he served in the First World War, during which he was mentioned in dispatches for his role in the Evacuation of Gallipoli in late 1915 and early 1916.
Scott commanded during the Battle of Dover Strait in October 1916.
He was made decorated with the Bronze Medal of Military Valor by Italy in March 1918, in addition to being made a Companion of the Distinguished Service Order in June 1918.
The following month he was promoted to commander.
Scott was placed on the retired list in January 1923.
Nearly six years after retiring, he was granted the rank of captain in December 1928.
He died in January 1968 at Attleborough, Norfolk.
His brother, George, also played first-class cricket.
Hamilton Belt Line
The Belt Line was a former CSX owned freight railroad branch industrial line on the west side of Hamilton, Ohio extending from Belt Junction JCT connection with CSX Cincinnati Terminal Subdivision and the CSXIndianapolis Subdivision.
After the rail line closed, it was converted to bicycling and hiking path.
The 2.9-mile Hamilton Belt Railway operated entirely within Hamilton from 1898 until 2012, serving several industries on the city’s West Side.
Its prime customer for 114 years was Champion Papers (later SMART Papers).
By 1926, Champion was dispatching 18 to 20 cars of paper daily, and bringing in an average of 144 box cars and 55 coal cars each week.
In 1926, HBR tracks were purchased by the B&O.
By 1940, Champion’s Hamilton mill rail yards had more than 20 miles of track with several steam locomotives shuttling cars around the clock.
HBR began losing business to trucks after World War II.
It had no locomotives or cars and was worked in succession by the CH&D, the B&O, CSX and, after 1988, by privately-owned short line companies Great Miami & Western Railway then US Rail.
Furth (b Deisenhofen) station
Furth (b Deisenhofen) station () is a railway station in the municipality of Furth, located in the Munich district in Bavaria, Germany.
Oristelle Marx
Oristelle Marx (born July 7, 1971) is a former French wheelchair tennis player, she is a right-handed player.
She competed in two Paralympic Games and won two bronze medals in the doubles' events with Arlette Racineux.
In 1986, Marx was involved in an accident in a gymnastics training centre which resulted in her paraplegia.
She now works as a consultant trainer for disability awareness.
Monica Walker (illustrator)
Monica Walker was a writer and illustrator, active in the United Kingdom in the 1940s and 1950s.
She was a student at the Central School of Arts and Crafts in the late 1930s.
She is depicted as a shopkeeper in an illustration, "High Street", by her fellow student Hilary Stebbing.
Walker worked for a time as a draughtswoman in an aircraft factory.
She illustrated children's books, including her own "The Educated Pig" (Oxford University Press; 1949) and texts by others such as "Ditties for the Nursery" (Oxford University Press, 1954) by Iona Opie, "Trouble for Tembo" (Dolphin Books/ University of London Press, 1958) by Lesley Bourne, and "Martin's Holiday" (Dolphin Books/ University of London Press, 1960) by Enid Wiseman.
Her work was featured on the cover of the 1956 Christmas edition of "Radio Times".
A 1947 portrait photograph of Walker, by John Gay, is in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery.
She was photographed by Gay for, and featured in, an article in "The Strand Magazine", "Eight Young Artists in Search of an Editor", in which she was said to be living with her parents in Surbiton.
The University of the Arts London (the successor to the Central School of Arts and Crafts) has three of her works in its collection.
Cavendish Hospital
Cavendish Hospital is a geriatric healthcare facility in Manchester Road, Buxton, Derbyshire.
It is managed by Derbyshire Community Health Services NHS Foundation Trust.
The hospital has its origins in the Buxton Clinic, a geriatric facility established in Buxton Crescent in 1935.
The clinic became the geriatric wing of the Devonshire Royal Hospital in 1948 and then moved to a completely new facility at Manchester Road in 1966.
In July 2017, the North Derbyshire Clinical Commissioning Group announced the closure of 18 beds at the hospital.
Local member of parliament Ruth George raised concerns about the matter with Philip Dunne, health minister, during a debate on health in the House of Commons in October 2017.
National University of Science and Technology (Oman)
National University of Science and Technology (NUST) is a private university in Oman which was established in 2018 by merger of three professional colleges, Caledonian College of Engineering, Oman Medical College, and College of Pharmacy.
Around 4300 international students from 33 countries have graduated from the university.
NUST has academic partnerships with three international universities: Glasgow Caledonian University in Scotland, West Virginia University, U.S. and the University of South Carolina, U.S.
2020 Masters (darts)
The 2020 Ladbrokes Masters is the eighth staging of the non-ranking Masters darts tournament, held by the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC).
It is being held from 31 January–2 February 2020 at the Marshall Arena in Milton Keynes, England.
Michael van Gerwen was the five-time defending champion, after defeating James Wade 11–5 in the 2019 final.
However, he was beaten in the Masters for the first time since 2014, losing 10–6 to Jonny Clayton in the first round, and losing his 20-match unbeaten streak at The Marshall Arena.
A new champion will be crowned, as Michael van Gerwen and James Wade, the only two previous champions who qualified, were both eliminated in the first round.
The Masters will feature the top 16 players in the PDC Order of Merit after the 2020 PDC World Darts Championship.
Nathan Aspinall will make his debut in the event.
The following 16 players will take part in the tournament:
The prize money will be £200,000 in total, which was the same as in 2019.
St Mary's Church, Rydal
St Mary's Church is in the village of Rydal in the Lake District, Cumbria, England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
The church is situated on the A591 road between Ambleside and Grasmere and is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
The church was built by Lady le Fleming of Rydal Hall, at a cost of £1,500.
The foundation stone was laid in 1823 with the chapel opened in 1824, and consecrated in 1825.
The architect was George Webster.
Poet William Wordsworth helped to choose the site, which was originally an orchard.
Carlos Domínguez (weightlifter)
Carlos Domínguez was a Peruvian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
List of number-one R&amp;B/hip-hop songs of 2020 (U.S.)
This page lists the songs that reached number-one on the overall Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, the R&B Songs chart (which was created in 2012), and the Hot Rap Songs chart in 2020.
The R&B Songs and Rap Songs charts partly serve as distillations of the overall R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
List of Billboard number-one R&amp;B/hip-hop albums of 2020
This page lists the albums that reached number-one on the overall Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, the R&B Albums chart (which was re-created in 2013), and the Rap Albums chart in 2020.
The R&B Albums and Rap Albums charts partly serve as distillations of the overall R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Franz Eibler
Franz Eibler (19 May 1924 – 3 March 2010) was an Austrian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Leopoldo Briola
Leopoldo Briola was an Argentine weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Hugo Vallarino
Hugo Vallarino was an Argentine weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Karaulia
Karaulia is a village in Jagat block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128387.
The village is administrated by Gram panchayat.
Budaun railway station is 7 KMs away from the village.
As per the report of 2011 Census of India, The total population of the village is 1759, where 928 are males and 831 are females.
Ray Magee
Ray Magee (31 January 1918 – 19 April 1999) was an Australian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Alfonso Parera
Alfonso Parera (19 September 1922 – 28 June 1996) was a Cuban weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
HESTIM Engineering and Business School
HESTIM Engineering and Business School (, abbreviated HESTIM) is a private higher education institution located in the city of Casablanca, Morocco.
It was born in 2006 as a school of engineering offering degrees in industrial management.
In 2008 it added civil engineering to its academic offer.
In 2015-16 the original school was renamed HESTIM Engineering and a new school was created, HESTIM Management, offering degrees in business-related fields.
Both independently accredited schools, HESTIM Engineering and HESTIM Management, constitute the HESTIM group.
HESTIM offers its own Moroccan-accredited undergraduate degrees in industrial engineering, logistics engineering, civil engineering, and management.
It also offers French-accredited master's degrees in partnership with French universities and schools, such as UPHF (Université Polytechnique Hauts-de-France), ULCO (Université littoral côte d’opale), INSA Lyon (Institut National des sciences appliquées de Lyon), ESTIA (École supérieure des technologies industrielles avancées), IMT Lille Douai Ecole Mines de Douai.
The Big Bang (2019 film)
The Big Bang is a 2019 Malayalam short film written and directed by Lal Bijo.
The film is based on the consumption of water.
The story is about Lalu, an employed youth, who doesn't know the value of water.
One day he came to take some water and he heared some sounds near him, he scared and run away to the room.
Piet Taljaard
Piet Taljaard (April 1914 – 8 March 1950) was a South African weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Niels Petersen (weightlifter)
Niels Petersen (12 February 1918 – 22 August 1966) was a Danish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Hanafi Moustafa
Hanafi Moustafa was an Egyptian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Alfred Knight (weightlifter)
Alfred Knight (born 1916) was a British weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Eren Holding
Eren Holding is a conglomerate in Turkey with businesses in paper, packaging, cement, energy, retail, textile, and tourism.
Due to its cement factory, coal-fired power stations in Turkey and coal-fired steam boiler it is one of the largest private sector greenhouse gas emitters in Turkey.
Eren Holding is headquartered in Istanbul.
Its chairman and CEO is Ahmet Eren.
Eren was established by four brothers from Bitlis.
In 1969, Er-os Çamaşırları A.Ş., a underwear manufacturer and trademark was established.
In 1998, Eren Holding entered the energy sector with Modern Enerji Elektrik Üretim Otoprodüktör Grubu A.Ş.
In 2003 the Rixos Hotel Bodrum was put into service in Bodrum, Turkey, marking the company's entry into the tourism industry.
In 2007, Eren Enerji started construction of a 1360 MW coal-fired power plant in Zonguldak, which was completed in 2010.
In 2012, Eren Perakende created the multi-brand shoe concept SuperStep stores and multi-brand kids store chain SuperKids.
In 2014, a 6 MW biomass power plant started operating.
In 2015, Modern Enerji established the first solid waste incineration facility in Turkey.
Also in 2015, Modern Karton completed construction of a new paper factory.
Eren Holding controls businesses across several sectors, including energy, paper, cement, retail, ports, packaging, textile, and tourism.
Eren owns ports in Zonguldak and Mersin.
Its subsidiaries Eren Kağıt and Modern Karton collect waste paper and recycle it into corrugated fiberboard.
Eren owns Turkey's biggest cement factory—Medcem Çimento—in Mersin.
As local demand collapsed in 2019, the factory concentrates on exports.
ErenTekstil A.Ş.
manufactures cotton textiles.
Eren Perakende represent a number of international brands in Turkey, including Lacoste.
Eren Holding's subsidiary Eren Enerji owns the coal-fired ZETES power stations.
Its another energy subsidiary, Modern Enerji owns solid waste incineration facility and natural gas-fired and biomass-fired power plants in Çorlu.
The 2019 environmental award it received has been criticised as greenwash by environmental organizations.
Eren develops tourism projects in Istanbul and Bodrum.
Williemus Serverleg
Williemus Serverleg (fl.
1298), was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1298.
Wang Jianwei (general)
Wang Jianwei (; born October 1954) is a lieutenant general ("zhongjiang") in the Chinese People's Liberation Army.
He was promoted to the rank of major general in July 2004 and lieutenant general in July 2011.
He was Political Commissioner of National University of Defense Technology between July 2010 and July 2017.
Wang was born in Xinhuang Dong Autonomous County, Hunan, China in October 1954, while his ancestral home in Laizhou, Shandong.
He enlisted in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in November1969.
He participated in the Sino-Vietnamese War.
After war, he served in the Guangzhou Military Region for a long time.
In October 2002, he was promoted to become Director of Political Department of the 75th Group Army.
He became a professor at National University of Defense Technology in August 2005.
He was President of PLA Nanjing Political College in March 2006, and held that office until August 2007, when he was appointed Head of Propaganda Division of the People's Liberation Army General Political Department.
He became Political Commissar of National University of Defense Technology in July 2010, and served until July 2017.
He is a delegate to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Lars-Eric Roxin
Lars-Eric Roxin (born February 15, 1945) is a Swedish curler.
He is a and a two-time Swedish men's champion (1986, 1988).
His three brothers – Claes, Göran and Björn – are also curlers.
Khunak
Khunak ("in hindi:खुनक") is a village in Jagat block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128339.
The village is administrated by Gram panchayat.
Budaun railway station is 6 KMs away from the village.
s per the report of 2011 Census of India, The total population of the village is 3247, where 1,693 are males and 1554 are females.
Haji Rais al-Tujjar
Haji Muhammad Ali Khan, Rais al-Tujjar CIE (also known as Haji Rais) was the Prime Minister of Arabistan and chief of its traders.
He was also the Sheikh of Mohammerah's advisor on Persian affairs.
Born in Behbahan, Haji Rais belonged to a wealthy family of merchants that traded on the coastal areas of the Persian Gulf and eventually established trade connections with India, under the British Raj.
A Consular official described him as an ‘excessively acute’ man and ‘a born diplomatist’.
By 1904 he was about 50 years old, ‘weak and fragile’ and had lived in Muhammareh for 20 years.
His son, Moshir ut-Tojjar, who was at that time 21, was praised as ‘a worthy son of his father’.
Haji Rais himself was a large merchant and grew very rich under Khaz’al over whom he had ‘great influence’.Khaz’al's eldest son and Heir apparent, Sheikh Kasib, was betrothed to Haji Rais’ daughter.
When in June 1897, Khaz’al Khan Ibn Haji Jabir Khan succeeded his brother Miz'al as the new "Sheikh of Mohammerah," the former duly sent his right-hand man, Haji Rais, to the Persian capital to elicit official recognition.
Haji Rais also reached out to the British Legation, whereby they responded that they would do all they could to "protect the Shaikh’s interests, and [that] the Shaikh should in return do all he can to further British interests now and in the future".
Eleanor Franklin Egan described him as a wonderful man about five feet five, that made up in loftiness of intelligence what he lacks in physical stature.
She further added, that he was the commanding intellect which has stood at the Sheikh’s right hand for more years than most people can remember.
Haji Rais was, for a brief period, the President of the "Khazaliah" school in Mohammerah.
However, after four years of presidentship, the school was eventually handed over to the British Consul at Mohammerah.
Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences
The Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences is the Chinese national, agricultural scientific research organization.
It was established in 1957 in Beijing and oversees 42 institutes.
32 are direct affiliates.
8 institutes are co-hosted together with local governments or universities.
It has more than 5,000 professional employees.
Amber Penney
Amber Penney (born 5 August 1997) is a South African water polo player and coach.
She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships,
She played for Fresno Pacific University.
Chandau
Chandau ("in hindi:चन्दऊ") is a village in Ujhani Tehsil and Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128467.
Budaun railway station is 10 KMs away from the village.
The village is administrated by Gram Panchayat.
As per the report of 2011 Census of India, The total population of the village is 1334, where 729 are males and 605 are females.
Henry Cow: The World Is a Problem
Henry Cow: The World Is a Problem is a 2019 book by American academic Benjamin Piekut.
It is a biography and analysis of the English experimental rock group Henry Cow and their turbulent existence between 1968 and 1978.
The book is Piekut's second and was published in September 2019 in the United States by Duke University Press in hard- and soft-cover.
Piekut is a historian of experimental music and an associate professor of music at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
He had previously written "Experimentalism Otherwise: The New York Avant-Garde and Its Limits" (2011), had edited "Tomorrow Is the Question: New Directions in Experimental Music Studies" (2014), and co-edited with George E. Lewis "Oxford Handbook of Critical Improvisation Studies" (2016).
Piekut has also publshed several papers on Henry Cow, including "Music for Socialism, London 1977" (2019), and "Another Version of Ourselves: The Enigmas of Improvised Subjectivity" (2018).
Piekut sourced the content of "The World Is a Problem" from interviews (published and unpublished), notebooks and diaries, magazine and newspaper articles, journal papers, and books.
He conducted his own interviews between 2011 and 2016 with all living members of Henry Cow and those associated with the band, and was granted access to personal archives of several players, including Fred Frith, Tim Hodgkinson, Chris Cutler, Lindsay Cooper and Peter Blegvad.
Piekut wrote in the book's Preface that where written records and memories disagreed, "only by reading many of them together and against one another has it been possible to determine what actually happened with any accuracy."
The sock painting on the book's cover is by artist Ray Smith and was originally used on the cover of Henry Cow's second album, "Unrest" (1974).
Piekut took the book's subtitle, "The World Is a Problem" from a statement Hodgkinson made in one of his notebooks, paraphrasing Paulo Freire in "Pedagogy of the Oppressed", that Henry Cow wants to "transform the world; the world is a problem, not a given".
"The World Is a Problem" chronicles the history of Henry Cow and their exploration of music and activism, from their inception in 1968 to their break-up in 1978.
It also analyses of the nature of the band and the way they functioned.
They were a collective with a strict work-ethic that demanded total commitment from its members.
They held regular meetings where all aspects of the group, its music and activities were debated.
This tended to suppress individualism and made the band more important than its members, which strained relationships within the group, and with partners on the outside.
The book explains how Henry Cow were at odds with the status quo, the music industry and the world at large.
They were politically outspoken and embraced Marxism and Maoism.
They were not content to settle and continually experimented with new ideas.
The brief merger with Slapp Happy in 1975, the formation of the Orckestra with the Mike Westbrook Brass Band and folk singer Frankie Armstrong in 1977, and the establishment of the Rock in Opposition movement in 1978, were some of several ventures they initiated.
Henry Cow's approach to composition is discussed, and the musical structure and lyrics (where present) of many of their more prominent works, including Frith's "Ruins" and Hodgkinson's "Living in the Heart of the Beast", are analysed in detail.
The band improvised much of their music, particularly during live performances, and this style of playing included free improvisation, studio improvisation to tape (for example on their 1974 album, "Unrest"), and open improvisation.
Reviewing "Henry Cow: The World Is a Problem" in the British progressive rock magazine, "Prog", Sid Smith called it an "impressively detailed account [that] chronicle[s] [Henry Cow's] triumphs and camaraderie".
He added that through their "often-turbulent existence", the band's struggle "against the prevailing tides of commerciality and popular culture ... has a heroic quality about it".
Smith wrote that if the success of a music biography is measured by the desire to revisit the group's albums, then this book is "enormously successful".
He said Piekut's "forensic examination" of Henry Cow's recordings adds another dimension to their music.
Smith concluded that the book "is a fitting tribute to Henry Cow's importance and legacy in a notable but marginalised movement of 20th-century music."
Phil Howitt wrote in the Canterbury scene magazine, "FaceLift" that while Henry Cow may not have been part of the Canterbury scene, Piekut's book can be read as "almost a parallel narrative to that of the Canterbury scene", given the number of musicians from that "genre" who either played in, or were associated with, the band.
Howitt described "The World Is a Problem" as a "definitive biography" that is "meticulously researched" leaving few stones unturned.
He said that just as Henry Cow were "an intensely serious band", this is an "intensely serious book" that requires "considerable powers of concentration and assiduousness".
Howitt found the analyses of their different types of improvisation and their political alignments "heavy going".
He also felt that the in-depth descriptions of some of the band's compositions were "somewhat unnecessary" as they would only benefit a limited audience.
What was also missing, Howett felt, was a timeline of events covering Henry Cow's history.
But overall Howett called "The World Is a Problem" "a remarkable project" that is "compelling [and] unique".
Chris Cutler, Henry Cow's drummer, described the book as a "cornucopia of invaluable information".
He said it is a well-researched and detailed account of the band, but suggested that in places, it is "best [to] read between the lines".
Because some of the band members kept more detailed records than others, their viewpoints tend to feature more prominently in the book, leaving some parts "uneven".
Cutler added that where Piekut had to interpret different people's accounts of events, it is likely that not everyone in the band will concur with his analysis.
Cutler said that "subjectivities are profoundly complex", and attempts to "unearth things that were already hidden when they were current" will be "guided by [personal] biases and interests".
Xu Yitian
Xu Yitian (; born November 1947) is a vice admiral (zhongjiang) of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) of China.
He attained the rank of rear admiral (shaojiang) in July 1999, and was promoted to the rank of vice admiral (zhongjiang) in July 2006.
Xu was born in November 1947.
He graduated from PLA Naval University of Engineering.
After graduation, he served in the North Sea Fleet.
In December 2004, he was appointed Political Commissioner of South Sea Fleet and Deputy Political Commissioner of Guangzhou Military Region, replacing Tong Shiping.
He was Political Commissioner of National University of Defense Technology in December 2005, and held that office until July 2010.
In May 2016, he was appointed Leader of Inspection Team, Central Military Commission to the Armed Police Force.
He was a member of the 13th Standing Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
He was an alternate member of the 17th CPC Central Committee.
Joan Oxland
Joan Oxland (1920 -2009) was a Welsh artist and teacher.
Oxland was born in Cardiff and was educated at Cardiff High School for Girls.
She studied at the Cardiff School of Art and Wimbledon School of Art before training at the Institute of Education, which was then part of the University of London.
After some years teaching in both York and Cardiff, Oxland spent 1962 and 1963 studying at the Academie Julian in Paris.
She then returned to teaching as a department head at the Cardiff High School for Girls before becoming head of the design department at Llandaff College of Education, a post she held until 1972 when she taught at Llanederyrn High School in Cardiff.
From 1973 she worked as an artist and tutor for the Workers Educational Association.
During her time as a teacher, Oxland continued to paint and exhibit works, often landscapes of the French regions.
She regularly showed works at the Royal Academy in London during the 1950s and was a member of, and occasional office holder with, both the South Wales Group and the South Wales Artists Society.
Her work regularly featured in the annual "Pictures for Welsh Schools" exhibition held at the National Museum Cardiff between 1951 and 1960 and she also exhibited, on at least two occasions at the Welsh National Eisteddfod.
During her career, Oxland held a dozen solo exhibitions including at Newport Cathedral in 1964 and at the Chapter Arts Centre in Cardiff during 1974.
The Welsh Arts Council, the National Museum of Wales and both Newport and Neath galleries hold examples of her work.
Shelley Kristy Faulmann
Shelley Kristy Faulmann (born 22 April 1991) is a South African water polo player.
She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships,
Furth (Oberhaching)
Furth is a part of Oberhaching, located in the Munich district of Bavaria, Germany.
It lies at a transition point over the Hachinger Bach and is first mentioned in written sources in 1172.
The district of Furth borders in the north on the Perlacher Forst, in the south on the district of Deisenhofen (Oberhaching), in the west on the district of Grünwald and in the east on the district of Taufkirchen.
Furth is well known for its excursion restaurant and beer garden Kugler Alm.
Cyclists cross the Furth area comfortably, as an asphalted, car-free route leads from Säbener Platz in Munich through the Perlacher Forest to Furth.
There you can take a break in the beer garden of the Kugler Alm, or extend the bike tour further into the Bavarian Oberland.
Furth is connected to the A 995 motorway (motorway exit 4 (Oberhaching)) and the Oberhaching-Grünwald bypass (M11).
There is also an S-Bahn stop in Furth (S3) on the Munich East–Deisenhofen railway.
Furthermore the "Sportschule Oberhaching" as well as the "Naturbad Furth" are well known in the region.
Furth is also home to the industrial park of the municipality of Oberhaching.
2019–20 Troy Trojans men's basketball team
The 2019–20 Troy Trojans men's basketball team represent Troy University in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Trojans, led by 1st-year head coach Scott Cross, play their home games at Trojan Arena in Troy, Alabama as members of the Sun Belt Conference.
The Trojans finished the 2018–19 season 12–18, 5–13 in Sun Belt play to finish in a tie for last place.
They failed to qualify for the Sun Belt Tournament.
On March 11, 2019, it was announced that head coach Phil Cunningham was relieved of his duties, ending his six year tenure with the team.
On March 26, TCU assisstant and former UT Arlington head coach Scott Cross was announced as Troy's next head coach.
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Sun Belt Conference regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Sun Belt Tournament
Source
Dietrich Kämper
Dietrich Kämper (born 1936) is a German musicologist.
Born in Melle, Niedersachsen, Kämper studied at the University of Cologne and University of Zurich with research stays in Bologna, Florence and Rome.
He received his doctorate in 1963 with a dissertation "Franz Wüllner – Leben, Wirken und kompositorisches Schaffen" at the University of Cologne, where he habilitated in musicology in 1967.
Since 1986 he was the holder of the newly established chair for musicology at the Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln.
In 1995 he was finally appointed to the University of Cologne.
His main areas of research were Renaissance music, music of the 20th century and music history of the Rhineland.
Kavish Seth
Kavish Seth is an Indian poet, singer and songwriter and an inventor Kavish has created his own Instrument called Noori.
Noori is a 14 stringed instrument shaped like a guitar, but with a wooden frame covered in goatskin to produce percussive sounds like those of a djembe.
Kavish is a graduate from IIT, Mumbai.
He has conceptualised Zubaan, a music project that aims to create platforms for collaboration between independent music artists from different corners of India.
Chapters have started in Odisha, Varanasi, Deoria, Kausani, Khetri, Nagpur/Wardha/Gadchiroli, Mumbai, Kolkata where around 30 artists have been collaborating and performing all across the mainlands.
Ramatu Baba
Ramatu Baba was a Ghanaian politician in the first republic.
She was the first female district commissioner in Ghana and the only female to have been district commissioner for the Yendi district.
She was the member of parliament for the Yendi constituency from 1965 to 1966.
Ramatu Baba was the daughter of the chief butcher of Yendi.
She was educated in schools in her home district and Achimota School in Accra.
She took up a job in the Social Welfare department at Tamale (the capital of the Northern Region) after school.
She left civil service to work as a regional woman organizer for the United Ghana Farmers' Council (UGFC), a group under the Convention People's Party (CPP).
She spent 3 years touring the entire region and her job extended to teaching the male farmers as well as the female farmers.
In 2003, she appeared before the National Reconciliation Commission requesting that her two houses and a car that were seized after the first republic government was overthrown be returned to her.
She explained that the Azu Crabbe commission had exonerated her however the then military government went on to confiscate her assets.
She further added that she sent a letter to the PNDC government about her plight and she was directed to the Confiscated Assets Committee.
